Yeah.
Yep,
I just wanted to let everyone finish
their conversations. That's fine.
That's fine.
So today we're doing credit control and
with design, thanks for joining us.
I don't think there's anyone actually on
the teams meeting at the moment,
which is fine.
So we're going to screen record and we
can circulate it to have a nice
afterwards.
And.
Hi Marvin. I'm. I'm here. This is.
I'm Marvin. I'm here. Barack Barack here.
Sorry Parrot Parrot's on the call. Cool.
So let's get started.
Apologies about the lack of snacks.
We will get you snacks at some point.
I I I heard the formal complaints. No, no,
I heard the complaints.
I agree with the complaints.
We will get you snacks at some point.
Yeah.
So this is just a summary of what we went
through last week.
Josh and Deborah LED really good
workshops,
I think addressing all of the E billing
house payable,
cash sharing rates and matter.
And billing and this is just to show that
we're not doing it segmented.
So I'm leading credit control and with
and expenses today and tomorrow.
But we will be working well.
I'll be working with Josh and Deborah to
create a end to end solution and
hopefully there's no questions. But yeah,
we will be or I'm assuming Azure will be
splitting a time.
Between credit control and WIP and
connect today and the same with expenses
and client tomorrow.
But if we need to circulate this meeting,
we can.
Everything's being recorded and we can
include whoever needs to see afterwards.
This is just a high level agenda.
So we're gonna go through introductions.
Roughly what we're going to be doing in
terms of structure objectives and then
we're going to review credit control
first.
So I'm prioritising credit control simply
because there's more.
Sorry.
So we're going to prioritise credit
control because without integrations
there is for in my opinion a good
solution we can review and we can
implement,
whereas whip we're spending slightly less
time on simply because there is a limit
based on a lack of integrations.
But we'll go through and we'll discuss
what's feasible,
what's not feasible and the benefits of
you know going through that change
management and introducing.
To begin with,
or if it's going to be more hassle than
it's worth, so more one,
I'll tie on the ServiceNow functional
leads and I will be focusing, like I said,
on credit control with and expenses,
but I'll probably be involved in a little
bit of everything at this point,
ensuring that you get a good end to end
solution that has everyone cashiering.
Credit control credit managers and,
you know,
deliver in line with the expectations.
So that's me. Who wants to go next?
Julian. Yeah. Julian Pandy,
the TQIMA programme lead.
Looking at the end to end.
Joe Collins,
Service excellence manager for ask Tim
Ellsworth ServiceNow BA Ashurst.
Julie.
Testing Kirsty Rani at Whip management
team leader,
based in Glasgow and we go out to the
business and try to tackle significant
balances and age balances and create a
better pathway to billing.
Yeah.
Oh, sorry, that's me.
And I'm Chris living.
I'm the revenue manager.
I look after the whip and credit control
teams in Brisbane and Glasgow. Anna,
I'm finance operations manager in
Australia, looking after cashiers and AP.
But cashiers work very closely with
credit control.
One thing to say sorry,
this is sorry hadn't occurred to me.
I did thought Martin was going to be in
our sessions all day,
but we need Martin to do the credit
control bit because he's covering UK
cashier's side. So is it better?
Could we throw it around and do whip very
quickly now because we've got Kirsty?
Or. Or would you prefer to?
I mean we could try and mother through
that master,
and if we need to come back to it later
or.
We could probably muddle through,
but I don't know how the the bike is,
we just don't know between us.
That's fine. Let's let's do whip first.
Is that right? Yeah. Yeah. No, no.
That's completely throwing off my whole
meeting. It's fine. Yeah,
we'll we'll we'll do whip 1st.
And because whips a smaller section,
we can probably have a break afterwards.
And hopefully Martin will come back on
maybe eleven 11:30.
If someone wants to drop a message,
he's definitely out.
This morning I'm hoping it'll be back on
this afternoon and dialling in by teams.
Worst case scenario,
if we do need cashiering decisions,
we can set them aside as parking lot
items, we can define the rest of it.
We can define credit control decisions,
approvals and then just think that's the
best way to deal with it. Yeah,
that's fine. It's not an issue.
So it's like I could probably just depend
too busy here. Are you?
I don't know any of that.
Any cashiers come in on? OK Monday.
So usually Tuesday. Wednesday. OK.
But I look, I'll be with them Tuesday,
Wednesday.
So I can always do executive decisions
with a question mark.
Yeah.
MTA.
So we've skipped ahead. It's not 3:00 yet,
unfortunately. So whip.
I've had a discussion with Chris.
We've agreed that I'll go briefly through
some of the kind of data points and roles
that I think are just worth discussing,
agreeing if we can stand.
Potentially,
but you will be leading the kind of as is
for the most part,
and ServiceNow would benefit. Yeah,
I think and this is more from anywhere
else in the room,
the whip function is very new and there's
probably not a lot of knowledge in this
room and in the firm of what the whip
team do.
So I thought it was just slightly
changing and me giving us maybe 30
seconds.
One minute, 2 minutes.
Sort of high high level process overview
of what they actually do and how they
actually work and then it goes to kind of
explain how potentially we could use
ServiceNow to help support that.
Just see the best slightly better
approach because because they are new and
because the process is slightly different.
Yeah.
So I'm just gonna go through the
assumption.
So unfortunately at this moment,
the assumption there's no integrations of
course further down the line we might
have integrations we might be able to
bring in new data.
But at this moment in time,
that's the assumption and that's the
solution we're going with.
And for the majority of this whip,
it's just understanding is my mic echoing
or is it? There's a little bit,
let me move it down.
I don't know if you're in your own voice
and then making it echo as well.
Is that better? Cool. So yeah,
just understanding that as is processed,
we're not going in too much depth because
based on my understanding,
you have majority.
Of your operations and your processes in
place already,
you have a lot of shared drives.
A lot of system process away exporting
reports. You're making those changes.
You're emailing who you need to e-mail to,
and we don't want to add. Yeah,
if it adds admin without benefit,
there's no point because no one's going
to use it, so probably leave it to you,
Chris. Yep, no worries. OK, so.
They said the whip team are a relatively
new function.
They've been around probably about a year
and a bit,
but we've actually been easing into
operations.
The team gradually expanded as a firm,
we carry a lot of whip.
So for with the dose of that don't know
is is time that is put.
On the clock by our lawyers,
by our fee earners,
so they record their time into intact
time. That time goes, gets loaded into 3A,
consecrated.
We sit there with a vast amount of whips.
Affirm.
Now you would think in an ideal world
that you would build up with during the
month, and then you'd bill it.
We should be doing that. But in reality,
we can't.
We do a lot of say deals on completion
where we might build up a large amount of
whip across a number of months and can't
bill it until a certain milestone has
been reached or something else has
happened.
Same for court cases we might be in a
court case with someone we're
representing one side and we're not able
to.
Bill, I'll whip until the other side.
Bill. There's again for a reason,
for a court reason, for a mandated reason.
We do have bill monthly matters,
so it's a bit of a mixed bag across the
across the whole firm.
The problem we have as a firm is that
it's very difficult to know how much
we're going to bill each month.
So our global CFO will tell you how much
whip we have on a clock globally every
month. It's a vast amount.
What we don't know is how much we're
going to build and this is where the whip
team come in. As we have grown as a firm,
the level of whip that we're holding has
got a lot bigger.
The nature of work that we're taking on
as a firm,
we're going towards more corporate M&
A kind of deals. Consequently,
they're the type of deals we takes a lot
longer to build.
So we have a lot more whip on the clock
and a lot more age whip.
So this is where the whip team come in.
We have three members of what team in
Glasgow and two in Brisbane,
and between them they cover most of the
world with the exception of Asia and they
will reach out to partners or PES who are
practising practise executives.
And they will get information on the
matters that contain this whip.
Now we have thousands upon thousands of
matters,
so they there is a limit to what five
people cover.
So they work on a sort of threshold basis.
So they will look at a matter and say, OK,
this matter has over.
X amount of whip.
We're going to go out to the partner or
the PE and we try and find out what's
happening with that whip. So first of all,
they'll say just for example,
we've got $500,
000 worth of whip on the clock on this
matter. Partner,
when are we going to bill it?
And how much are we going to actually
Bill?
Because in reality,
although we may have $400,
000 worth of whip,
the chances are we're not going to have
to build it all.
We're probably going to build a lot less.
So the true value of the whip is we need
to know it,
and then we also need to know when it's
to be built.
There's probably a few other questions
that go into it,
but that's the sort of general high
overview.
Once the team get this information,
they put this into an Excel report.
This Excel report has been created for us.
It's called a significant whip report.
It's accessed by business managers,
finance managers, finance leaders,
senior managers.
It's used for reporting to our ET to mark
to our global CFO and various.
Our finance managers to say look,
this is where we're at with our whip. Yes,
we've probably got 200 million worth of
whip globally on the clock,
but actually we can only probably build
probably 140 million and of which we
could probably build about 50 million
this month.
So it kind of gives us a bit of a
snapshot of.
But where ours is what our true value of
the whip is.
The whip team's work also feeds into
credit control,
which is why I'd probably cover both
teams in that we shouldn't be raising
bills on the whip until it's ready to
build.
Because if we do those bills sit there
for a long time, we can't collect them.
So what we should be doing is billing at
the right time,
which is what the whip team do,
and then collecting the cash quickly,
which is what the credit control team do.
And we'll cover that salt today.
So previous project I worked at worked
with in regards to the same thing.
We've been credit control and hopefully
where I want you guys to get to.
It's feasible if we get the integration,
there's a lot of ifs,
but what I created was a whip credit
control report,
so it would be really simple logic.
Has it been billed? Yes or no?
If it's been billed,
has it been approved or has it been
received by the client as in you have one?
Stage, or has it been gone through?
Has it been approved?
And then you just have a kick off of your
aged buckets and then your thirty 6090
days where you have your automatic
triggers. It's a really simple solution,
but to drive that you do need integration
that you do need data.
But hopefully if we can get to that point
then we can kind of define and structure
that we're not doing that at this moment
in time.
But that's ideally where you'd want to
get to.
You have your source system feeding
through to your ServiceNow system,
and then your ServiceNow system do it
because it's not feasible.
Having that much with matters being dealt
with by what 5-6 people like,
I'm assuming that's quite difficult to
stay on top of and yeah, OK, yeah. Yeah.
Look, it absolutely is.
And that's one of the challenges we've
got in the third week of.
With a credit controller,
we have three that does the credit
control work.
It's been designed and built to do credit
control, legal works.
That actually works pretty well,
but for whatever reason,
when they invented three,
they didn't think about the whip side,
which is a pretty big oversight really
for a software that's designed for law
firms.
Whether that's coming in the long run,
I don't know.
But obviously as you mentioned,
integration is key.
And if we're going to move anything,
credit control and and whip into this
service now space there probably needs to
be some kind of integration to really see
the true true benefits.
But hopefully we can,
we'll have a look at what,
what we can do with what we've got in the
meantime without the integrations just.
Just a quick question at the moment.
Where does that reporting data come from?
I mean,
I know 3E will have a part to play in it,
but are we pulling it from GDH or is it
no so all the WIP data for the C comes
directly from three, right?
So we can take that away to say you could
have a three ES on an upgrade path, yeah,
it's going up to 3.
1 and then potentially to a future.
One that'll have an API library.
I think at that point we may have some
conversations about how it can integrate,
but it's worth us just confirming how is
there any WIP capability coming in the
new version of the,
I don't know if something I have asked
the question multiple times.
If you get an answer, please let me know.
OK. And that's so you might not be happy,
no, I can only ask.
It feels like a bit of a phase two thing
then anyway, doesn't it?
If it needs to rely so heavily on the 3E
integrations and stuff like that,
but hopefully let's see what you know,
let's see what the what's what we've got.
And yeah,
I think what I was really trying to say
is if it's not going to be in the future
version of three,
then we need to make sure that whatever
data source is getting pulled from is
actually.
A decent data source because we have a
lot of.
Ones that we have a lot of data sources,
however,
they'll show you that you can trust
implicitly.
It's probably always going to the EBN 3
right though that is your source of truth.
Yeah. So the the,
the source of truth of whip is 3 E
absolutely because the the all their time
gets loaded into intact that time from
intact gets loaded directly into 3 E so
it is absolutely the source of everything.
So a high level,
that's what I've elicited from the
process maps,
but it sounds like it's relatively in
line with what you've discussed.
Three is where you're pulling the data
from.
You have your month to date billing where
any of your deltas and changes are raised.
And then your updates.
I'm assuming those are purely e-mail
teams back and forths, no,
really auditable, which is ideal,
but it's fine.
We can work on that non responders.
I'm assuming again that's just constant
chasing. There's no kind of.
Proper process in place where you have
sort of escalations and approvals,
there is a disclosure is we've just we've
literally just bought it in this month
for the first proper time.
So This is why it's not being documented.
So I can talk you through that's very,
very basic, but yeah yeah,
the escalations and approvals would be
good.
So even if you send it across afterwards
just for visibility because we can set
those workflows up potentially in service
now.
Then you yeah. Reversals.
And then it goes to E billing.
But that sounds like it's in line with
main delays that I've identified. Yeah,
hunting for the right contact e-mail
thread having to go back and evidence
what you've approved evidenced what
you've decided tracking late status and
chasers and.
Evidencing what you've decided that's in
line with no integrations. Again, it's.
It's what I'm trying to resolve at this
moment in time.
Just a quick one, Chris.
Throughout the whole of the finance,
the weeks we've had audit was a big thing
is audit a big thing on whip as well or
is it sort of excluded when it comes to
being audited it's it's covered loosely
so.
It's covered more in the fact that we are
asked by auditors to value our whip,
so it's probably not the level of detail
for transactions that you would get with
other finance things like cashiers or AP
where they don't really care too much
about that.
It's more about the valuation of the whip.
Is it other?
Is all this value of whip that you are.
Are holding actually true? It does. It.
Does it correlate to what's on the
balance sheet?
They're probably more concerned about
that,
although there is a question about
reversed, you know,
billing and then reversing billing and
reversing. I suppose that does come up.
OK, OK,
so it's all extracted from 3:00 AM on
your significant report anyway. So yeah,
exactly. Right.
And I guess they don't really care if we
change the partner partners.
If you're going to bill it or not,
what they care about is the actual value
of the whip, and if it's, if it's right.
You're saying for the most part,
audit can be done in three,
because it's just the valuations and the
numbers as long as they balance out well,
the valuations aren't actually held in
three,
they're actually held in Excel and
they're also held by the financial
accountants elsewhere around the world,
depending what you do here. But anyway,
this is,
I guess this is because we are a new team.
We're kind of gradually.
So there's currently processes done
around the world to value whip by the
various finance managers,
but as a whip team we are slowly taking
that away for the finance managers to
bring it to a central point so that we
can be the controller of the value of the
whip.
So we can do it for the whole firm rather
than people having Excel spreadsheets in
Hamburg and Paris and Madrid.
Yes.
The consistent process is wrong.
It is now, yes.
Cool.
So I thought it would be worth having a
little activity just at a high level
defining who can access what and
potentially using this to create the role
based access controls and assignment
groups within WIPP. Ultimately,
you don't have many systems,
but I thought at a high level was worth
just discussing.
Even if it's not done today,
an ideal world who should have access and
disability, so 3E as a system?
Do we have kind of assignment groups and
approval groups that we can lift and
shift or is that still being defined for
the WIC teams we have?
Roles in three E you're based on your
role.
You will have a certain level of access
within 3 E there are no approval levels
on WIP and debt built into three at all.
Because three is in effect,
you're recording information in three
you're not necessarily sending out emails
from three, if that makes sense,
like I'm not. If I'm cursed you.
I'm not sending out an e-mail to a
partner and saying,
are you going to bill it or not?
I'm sending it from my outlook,
but I will pull the information.
You could pull the information from three,
for example.
It's purely your system of record.
That's that's it.
It's just it's just operations. Yeah,
yeah, you're actioning. It is outside.
Yeah. Yeah. Is it worth having? And I'm.
I'm thinking because you can then ship it
across the service. Now,
even if you don't have approvals in a
kind of standard sense,
if you have sort of review time.
Checkpoints. So.
Is the whip at the state?
It needs to be in three months down the
line and you have certain approval
approvals within there that kind of
consolidate that information.
So you say you have loads of different
Excel spreadsheets around the world.
Is it worth kind of having certain
Members consolidate that and then
validate it?
So you know you're on track,
so the consolidation is what we're doing
at the moment.
So this is part of this bro bringing into
a global process.
So This is why we've got this one process
now because people were doing it.
So it's all kind of moving into one
document as it is now.
And my risk with one document as well,
it's it's it's a really easy thing to
happen, I click the wrong field,
I've changed the wrong fields. Absolutely.
This is what we're in Excel. I mean,
you can go in and delete data.
It's very sadly it does happen.
Could you turn it on? I mean,
a lot of that will be in our new WIP
report as well because we'll be valuing
the WIPP within that.
So then I suppose it takes away that
exercise, but again,
it's one spreadsheet as opposed to many,
which is an improvement. Yeah,
it's a starting point.
You've you've merged one right,
also global.
Yeah. Look,
we're trying to three hasn't delivered
what we need.
So we have tried to find a interim
solution and the interim solution is a
global Excel spreadsheet.
It's absolutely fallible. I mean,
it's as good as an Excel spreadsheet.
It's as good as the 50 odd users that
have access to it.
And then go into it and do what they want
in it. But we are we have what we have.
You can control access to the spreadsheet
though,
and I assume you do to a certain extent
we do,
but there's still 50 people that need
access to that, OK. OK.
And if you think all the local offices,
business managers and finance managers
need access.
And whilst you can ask them not to do
certain things. Yeah, yeah, you are. Yeah.
It's just human error as well.
Anything for the information out of a
cell. Yeah. Look,
one one of the team accidentally deleted
the spreadsheet so that it it it you know
it it can happen. But you know it's just.
It's human error which didn't want to,
but just know well all those games.
So we do have roles we can lift and shift
fine. I'll update this afterwards.
I won't do it in a meeting,
but that's that's good to know.
The human error and deleting stuff is
slightly concerning,
but I'm sure you're managing it. Yeah,
cool. Any region based roles.
Or I'm assuming because you standardise
now you've kind of standardised the
processes and the rules. Yeah,
and there's no policy, regulatory,
legal things we need to consider with the
whip? No, none at all. OK, no.
That's good.
I know we get.
Chris,
can I request is it possible for us to
see the Excel at some point either today
or tomorrow, a template or something?
Just so we see what you capture there.
Sorry, say the first bit again, Mr.
You want to get sick?
And you can you share the Excel sheet
with us so that we can see what you
capture in the Excel sheet.
Yeah.
Yeah, no worries. Yeah. Yeah.
Just make a note.
At some point here. Thanks.
Go.
I guess we've we've spoken about the
Excel and Whip spreadsheet,
so that's accessible to pretty much
everyone at this point.
If you have the link,
I'm assuming there's no real controls in
place.
OK,
so these are process outside the service.
Now it's just understanding what you have
at the moment.
If there's stuff we can lift and shift if
there's not, it's not an issue,
but it sounds as a new team,
you're still defining and trying to work
around it which which is perfectly fine
at this stage.
And then teams shared drive, same process,
you just have whoever needs to be and
those teams.
Yeah, so the document is,
the Excel spreadsheet is actually saved
in teams and the the access to the
document is controlled by who has access
to that team's channel.
There are probably about 50 people,
potentially a bit more that have access.
Is there any personal information or
confidential information on these whip
reports that shouldn't be visible to all
of those people or being added in all of
those people have been added in,
have the right to see that information,
but there is confidential information in
that because there are matter names.
Which may contain.
Confidential information.
Potentially I mean,
but if they're true black book stuff,
so stuff that no one can know about apart
from an elite few, they'll be exed out.
There'll be a, you know, they'll be.
You'll just get a matter name that says
confidential, confidential,
something like that. But there are.
That's your probably what I call black
book stuff stuff.
But you know, like we don't need to know.
But then there's another letter of
confidentiality,
which is just kind of what stuff like
employment, for example. You know,
the matter might be called, you know,
Kirsty Rennie's termination or something
or, you know, and that's nice.
They're flagged as confidential just
because.
Just to make sure that information
doesn't go out to the client,
it's unlike to but,
but all those people who have access to
that team's channel have the right to see
the matter names. OK,
so on a confidential, confidential level,
it's managed individually and then the
rest of it is low risk. Confidential.
Exactly right.
Yeah, yeah.
And if you're in finance generally,
your access is pretty good across the
confidential stuff like they're pretty,
yeah,
the assumption is that we're not going to
start sharing stuff,
but the confidential stuff's flagged.
It's probably more relevant.
The credit control side,
because we don't want someone setting out,
for example,
a copy invoice to an accounts payable
team that has, you know,
an employment matter on it or something
like that.
For obvious reasons. No,
that's that's fine. I was.
I was just wondering because it seems
like you have a lot of data in there,
so just but it's being managed
individually which is which is like and
then emails teams chats.
I'm assuming whoever needs to be in the
loop just gets CCD then and then that's
how it's managed for the most part.
OK, cool. Chris,
just to get an idea of how big that
report is, is it thousands of rows?
Is it hundreds of rows? Does it vary?
It's as Jenny rows as we have matters
that have outstanding width. So.
To know what it is at the moment,
what have we got?
Have you got a copy of it?
Could we pop it up on screen?
It's reduction 552. No, it's not.
That's not right. Normally,
that's not too bad.
I could bring up screen. Yeah,
if you want me to. Yeah.
Has it got client sensitive stuff?
OK, 11,000 how much? Sorry? 11,
011 thousand rows of data and that's wide
wide a. No, it's 80 8080.
It goes to a column. So how many is that?
1/8.
46 call them AT spell AT. Yeah.
Sorry I have the same as you.
I thought 80. Yeah. Yeah, it's 46.
And that obviously fluctuates with
depending how many matters we have open
with open width.
So the number goes up and down.
So you'll find it generally goes down a
lot at the start of the next month
because we raise all well,
we raise a lot of bills at the end of the
month.
So consequently lots of those which gets
built and then it gradually builds up
throughout the next month.
What was that cycle?
So which was the maximum?
I would say that's probably close.
I mean it's there or thereabouts between
9012 thousand depending that the that can
go out very quickly though because you
may have a time of year for example,
we have a lot of IP matters.
And they're very small value,
but they run on a a kind of schedule.
So the IPS get renewed every so often.
And when they get renewed suddenly,
you'll see the great influx of matters
that come in.
And there's other other nuances around
the world where you might get corporate
deals and suddenly you get a lot more and
yeah.
It's going to check in terms of the value
because there is a lot of rows in there.
Is there a certain value to go OK about?
No,
these ones are the ones because I know
you call it significant whip.
So is there a certain threshold levels
that you set that that's the one that the
team goes after or is it? Yeah.
Yes, so there's a.
I mean,
it's a slightly different for October,
but it's normally the top 135 Mars plus
the top 15 aged Mars and that's how much
the team can manage resource wise at the
minute. Well,
we'll be taking a slightly different
approach going forward though,
and we're going to have a more, more.
Fluid approach and the team will try and
cover everything that has any kind of
value on it, probably over like 10K.
We need to manage our resources,
so we'll try to pick your battles and
that's where you maybe go after the
biggest value batters or the ones with
the utmost aged whip, for example,
the troublesome partners that you know
are the ones that probably need a bit of
a prompt to build. Yeah.
I'm just thinking from a certain
perspective,
you start to create these sort of
requests of cases that you can then start.
To look at capacity,
how much the team is going through the
throughput,
which kind of helps you to kind of give
that view back in terms of this is how
much we're trying to get through.
But there's still all of this stuff
that's still leftover.
So that's good to know. OK,
do we have in place?
It might not be because it's relatively
new A.
If under X amount and over 90 days it's
it's a write off because it's not worth
the amount of time chasing it.
Or are we aiming to chase every bit of
funds or whip items?
There's not really a set rule.
The difficult we have is it is that every
practise will have their version of what
they consider to be a significant amount.
So if you go to corporate.
Transactions for you're looking at
millions,
you know they have they carry a huge
amount of our whip as a firm and a
significant amount to them is probably in
the 1,000,
000 where a significant amount to our IP
practise may be low thousands.
So it kind of vary it kind of difference
between practise group. OK.
That makes sense and in regards to just
thinking about ServiceNow,
we do move to that solution.
What kind of data retention or how long
do we want to hold with items or evidence
it or audit it?
Do we have any idea of that kind of stuff
from an audit perspective?
Yeah.
No,
we doubt that we does not a set time
because as I said,
it's more about the valuation that
valuation is taken at a point in time and
entered into the accounts.
So the this is where our accountants step
in.
They will take a level of the GL will say
we'll have 250 million worth of whip
globally and they will enter the true
valuation into GL as B.
You know, 150 million whatever it is.
So that is your in effect.
Your audit for evaluation from a finance
perspective in terms of actually audit
for transactions, no, they won't ask,
there's no limitations of how long you
need to keep that data for.
So we could get rid of it straight away
and I don't think anyone would.
No, I think from a business point of view,
I think it's probably useful to know and
keep it in there for,
I would say probably a year,
I think it's that's that's prudent.
Just to track things because you may have
a matter for I think you may have a
matter that's billed for example.
And then nothing happens for a few months
and it's billed again. Is that reasonable,
do you think? Yeah. Or, I mean there's,
I mean,
we're gathering a lot of new data as well.
It might come, you know,
next financial year.
We look back on this year and say, oh,
look at the amount of bill and
completions we have,
the amount of monthly matters that we
have.
So I think it'd probably be quite good to
have that much data.
Do you think a year would be reasonable?
Yeah, I'd say so. Yeah.
One caveat to that is because ServiceNow
is quite good,
especially when you've identified certain
data points in order to be able to have
consistent,
potentially yearly trend or quarterly
trends.
If you want to have that long term vision,
it is.
Worth keeping that data in the system.
That's just one thing to consider,
because if you start removing it every
year,
you're basically starting from scratch.
You don't have the visibility of, OK,
three years ago,
this was the current state.
This is our current web states.
How can we identify what's happened?
What's changed?
It gives you that good holistic
visibility and kind of that long term
visibility.
Yeah, yeah. Look, keeping it longer,
but it's certainly not be a good thing.
I more think it's practicality wise
because we're saving spreadsheets and for
our IT team phone me up and say, Chris,
you're saving 50 spreadsheets,
everybody teams channel,
they start telling us off the other
memory we're using up.
But you know I we kept the data for
longer, great.
It's a good thing. OK, cool.
Any more questions about where whip lives
today? Or we could for this section,
for now.
Like silence is a yes. Perfect.
So this is just a list of the current
whip roles.
It might not be aligned to what you've
done if you've standardised it,
but I just wanted to understand at a high
level,
is this how it typically goes through.
So you have the whip, analysts,
you have your revenue managers,
business managers, PE partners.
Whip team so I'm assuming allocate the
work to the whip analyst and then the E
building team to ultimately send it out.
So whip analysts are who goes and gets
the information for the parts and peas.
They recheck the parts bees,
they do all the hard work,
the global revenue manager, me,
does less of the hard work and gets the
team to do it. Kirsty, team leader,
obviously.
Supports the team,
helps them when they need the guidance.
Business managers are are we have a
business manager per division.
Divisions are high level.
So we have 5 divisions.
And they'll split up into Australia and
then rest of the world and the business
manager.
Business managers cover those divisions.
They are there as a kind of escalation
point.
They deal business managers deal directly
with a practise and a division.
Under their roles and responsibilities,
they are responsible for the PNL for that
practise or division and consequently
under that PNL comes building in
collections,
so they are there as a kind of port of
call to get knowledge off,
but also as an escalation point.
So for example if Kirstie's got a.
Corporate partner who's not playing ball.
She can go to the business manager.
She'd go to practise and say, look,
I'm not getting response.
The partners being I can you help and
they will go knocking on doors to go and
get that information. OK. He's partners.
That's where we get all our information
from.
Ideally,
the team should be reaching out to
partners.
The partners should know all that matters,
how much everything's worth when they're
going to build it. In reality,
some of the parts,
some of the part the PS probably know
more than the partners,
and you tend to get better information
from some of the PS.
So the team know which ones to go out,
whether it's partners or PS,
depends on the matters of practise where
it is.
Whip team or obviously that's the whip
analysts, basically,
that's them as a group and I'll e-mail
and team who you know about because you
will have spoke to Lauren and Sandeep and
Co earlier in the week.
The only other stakeholders I will factor
into that.
Our our local finance managers,
so in Europe, US and Middle East,
we have regional finance managers who
work in those offices.
And the whip teams and the credit control
teams work very closely with those.
I'll give you an example.
We have a gentleman in Paris called Arno,
who is on the ground and when we need
support or help, Arno is there to go and.
Do what the business managers do,
maybe in London and Australia.
Go knocking on doors. Start.
Start taking that stick to partners when
we need him to.
He's also a very good form of knowledge
because he is on the ground,
he hears things and he shares that
knowledge with the teams as well. OK.
They the job title varies throughout the
world,
but they're generally we just refer to
them as local finance managers.
Is it a case of my first question is why
is OZ and the rest of the world separated
there?
Any specific reason or is it just process?
It's a legacy thing the the two firms
merged Australia and the rest of the firm
merged many years ago.
And they still,
whilst we are a global law firm,
we do tend to operate in a split between
Australia and PNG and the rest of the
world.
It's just the way it's always been the
division of the business managers work
that way as well.
I guess it was a helpful time zones.
You know,
it's very difficult to have a business
manager supporting a practise if they're
based in Australia and they're trying to
support a London practise,
so it tends to be split that way in terms
of our team, it just works in time zones.
That way the whips in Australia pick up
Australia,
which team up here pick up the rest of
the world just because it works with time
zones and being on the same on the same
time with partners.
OK.
But the process for the whip is the same
all around. We don't,
but we've try and kept it standardised as
possible.
It's just your business managers
basically because they operate on a
ground level.
They need to be slightly different and
know how to operate with those people in
those time zones. Exactly right.
That's where the finance managers,
business managers come in because a
business manager in UK is great if you.
You speak to Auk partner,
but they're probably not going to be good
if you want to speak to a partner in
Dubai,
and that's where we speak to our Dubai
Finance manager to go, you know,
so sometimes you just need someone on the
ground to start door knocking in and get
the engagement.
If you're not getting it from emails or
calls or teams meetings,
whatever it may be.
Well, that's good to know.
There's not much else on the current whip
rolls.
I think the regional variances makes
sense to me that the business managers,
yeah,
they have to operate slightly differently
and the rest of it standardised.
So for the most part,
that seems the analyst and the whip team
are one of the same here. Yeah. Yeah.
Analysts are just individual with their
amount, which you put together as a team.
Correct? Yeah.
But that was more in service now for it
to create like a group,
we'd have the WIC team and then
allocating to work to the analysts and
sounds like they're one of the same
though. So yeah, yeah.
Do we want to add in credit control as a
stakeholder?
Do we want to add in credit control as a
stakeholder? So we've got you built there.
None.
Mainly like for because these are for the.
These are for the processes.
You can always add them as a group weapon,
debt calls or joint calls. Yeah, yeah. OK.
So we do. Yeah, that's good.
Show partner nuances. Yeah,
something like that could add in credit
control as a stakeholder. Yep. Please.
Is it just for visibility to prep them
when something's about to be ready or
when the status of something's changed?
It's mainly like collaborating like on
the same partners, but from both ends.
So from the whip side and from the debt
side.
And then also if there's any sort of?
You know specific practises that need
additional support or specific partners
that need additional support.
It tends to be the same on the debt side
as in the website. OK, yeah, no,
of course we could add credit control.
So the whip of the debt,
the whip of the credit control teams have
started to.
Sometimes meet with a business manager
together to try and get a more holistic
view of our matters so we understand the
whip of the debt. As Kirsty says,
more often than not,
if the partners crack the whip,
they're going to crack the debt as well.
It's just all those things that makes
sense.
So you already have those kind of inter
team processes starting to.
It's just it's starting,
which is great to say.
It's really it's encouraging sort of
products of how we're working at the
moment. It's sort of happening in pockets,
but we're gradually seeing it more and
more globally and more and more as we
identify those partners who may be more
of a challenge that bit extra support of.
And we're going in together a bit of A
tag team pincer effort, if you like.
I'm just thinking as well from a
reporting perspective as well.
We've talked kind of like these
overarching finance dashboards and
reports, which we've kind of talked about.
You know,
the kind of whip and credit control
together you can kind of see that kind of
single view and then you can kind of
approach the partners and PES in a single
way.
So I've captured that as a points take
away as well.
I know I'm simplifying a lot,
but at a very basic level.
Would a notification be enough if
something has changed in a web status and
you just pick out an e-mail to a credit
controller?
Or is credit controller have actual
processes and actions dependent on them?
Just for the whip stage,
not for the credit control stage.
You care about the.
That's probably not.
You've run off the invoice metric FTG
microphone. Oh, sorry. Sorry.
Let even see you comment. Sorry.
Obviously all over the place to be run
off.
Is that working? Yeah. Does that mean?
Yeah, the invoice metric report which,
like the web report,
is every open and collectible invoice on
the Ledger.
So once the invoice says collectible,
we'll have visibility of it.
OK.
Is that something that we can see or is
that yeah, yeah, yeah, it does.
It doesn't have to be now,
but just afterwards distributability so
that that gets refreshed every day.
So payments collected, you know,
anything that's been newly applied and
will be reflected on that on a daily
basis. OK.
So that's the master report on the credit
control side. That's the equivalent of.
What the whip team have,
but it's actually pulling the information
for three. That's the difference.
So it's a static report,
just pulling it basically just mass pulls
all the collections information we have
in three into an Excel spreadsheet just
so we can view it.
But the information is actually all in
three and that information is entered
into three.
Whereas in their whip side,
they're entering excel,
the collection side is all three,
so information to three reported out
today on the spreadsheets and processes.
At the moment that you have,
is it easy to identify kind of the whip
to credit control transition or are they
separate spreadsheets?
Just separate spreadsheets completely, OK,
there's no link between them.
Is that data in scope for EDP?
Do you know? I mean,
there's a plan to have that going for
three into the new data platform. And yes.
Yeah. So that, so that is a use case,
it's in. Certainly should be, yeah.
Yeah. What level of detail?
I don't know whether it be matter level
or invoice level.
I don't know even just the base data set
that's in three would get as a minimum
would be pushed across because it sounds
like there needs to be a migration plan
for your team's spreadsheet.
So I shall ask that question too.
I think just one thing for my
understanding is a lot of that stuff
obviously sits outside and there's no in
terms of that sort of I guess you would
use,
you would raise a task on the billing
team to do.
Things and that will go into service now,
but a lot of that stuff sets certainly
for phase one outside of the core sort of
service now workflows.
So I think the key thing is to for us to
uncover where those handoffs are and
where that becomes an engagement with a
team that's already in the scope.
It's not for.
For us to sit and work out how we fix
spreadsheets or how we track spreadsheets,
I think that needs to be a broader
conversation.
My last point would be is there a end to
end process map for all those different
handovers and conversations and stuff in
terms of letters on weekly meetings with
certain stakeholders,
monthly meetings with others.
Just take in terms of how that whole sort
of.
Engagement piece goes and who touches the
spreadsheet when and there's probably not,
but we could not one up fairly quickly
between us. Yeah, Disney has to be pretty.
I mean, yeah, we could give you that.
Yeah, just something that helps me. Yeah.
That. Thank you. We'll take that away.
I guess that's a good point actually
being.
The credit controller website are very
different to the to the other functions
that we've done because rather than
people logging requests with us,
a lot of our interaction is actually
going out to the business and asking them
to do things.
We're asking partners or peas or clients
rather than people coming to us and
asking us to do things that probably
doesn't happen quite as often.
And that's probably how we differentiate.
Between the US and the other teams,
that's probably why. What is?
Why we're not on share? Well now,
because there's not really a need for
people to raise requests. That being said,
as we looked at today and we will look at
credit control later,
there is touch points between US and
other teams and that's probably where I
think that's the focus is to record those
interactions,
which is why the credit control side.
Looking at certain processes only that
will probably more lend themselves to
that rather than what we talked about.
The overall credit control process that
is only relevant if we've got the
integrations, of course.
Oh.
I think we're good for that bit for now.
Like I said,
the whip was quite small section for the
as is.
Is everyone happy where we're at in terms
of the teams, the process,
the kind of data points,
what we can and can't do from a
functional perspective and the reports.
Everyone's nodding. Lovely.
So like I said,
it's a very basic solution that I'm
proposing and this definitely needs to be
a discussion area where everyone inputs.
I want to see if we're going the right
direction, if it's a waste of time,
if we've identified the right.
Use cases.
So ultimately what I've said is in scope
is we're supporting the web team,
but we're not changing anything.
Your processes remain as they are and
we're not doing additional admin.
This is purely to identify and pick up on
certain web topics or certain web matters
that you deem useful to track.
And essentially everything becomes
centralised within ServiceNow.
So your communications, your information,
who submitted it,
and that will be done with a simple
tracker.
But I'll show you roughly how I think it
could work and out of scope is, yeah,
changing how billing or E billing done,
any integration or automations or moving.
Your data or spreadsheets everything
remains as is for this phase of the
project.
I just ask a question,
sorry before we move on on the shared
mailbox that you have Kirsty.
So what kind of communications is it was
in there on that.
So that's where our BU emails go out of.
So we normally copy in the inbox just to
keep a track of the emails and audit so
we know what's going on and what's come
in. OK.
There's some sort of wider finance emails
that come into that inbox as well.
So state of place and to do a target sort
of day one emails they come in that inbox
to keep us up to date, OK.
And then are you taking actions off the
back of those emails coming in and out?
So I'm guessing you're initiating the
e-mail.
Right. And you're sending it out.
You send it out from your personal
mailbox? Yeah. Copy in the shared mailbox.
OK. And is there a reason for that?
So that when people are off,
because we often get if one of the team
goes off and like, who do what do you do?
Who do you do it? We don't have access.
So that's why we just copy the revenue
management inbox so that everyone's got
access to that.
So they can see what emails have gone out.
Other than that,
or just a kind of dumping around for
useful global emails that come round,
there's probably not really requests that
come into it like there is the quick
trial.
So it's probably more more just
information and it's there for reference
really.
And is that the kind of stuff that we
want to track through ServiceNow though
and move that mailbox in?
Do you have?
Because what I'm trying to understand,
for example, is if you send an e-mail out,
you copy in the mailbox,
somebody might come back to you and say,
right,
I'm going to do XY and Z or you're asking
them to do something.
That's the kind of stuff that we can
track.
So particularly if that's going to
billing or credit control or E billing
cashiers.
We can use that as tasks in there,
so we can actually just send the tasks
across to them rather than having to do
e-mail correspondence.
Is it helpful if I explain the proposed
solution because it is in line with that.
Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So really,
when I say simple, I mean really simple.
You're going to service now you click.
I'm just gonna say a button for now
because we haven't actually created it.
You have a location service now you click
for the whip analysts.
They then enter a few pieces of data.
Relevant to the whip item,
it creates a task for you to track and in
really simple terms,
you can send out emails from ServiceNow
that when the stakeholders or the whip or
the clients or whoever you want responds
to that,
it's automatically tracked on that ticket.
So you have a full auditable list of
what's happened, who's done what,
who's agreed, what,
and it just allows you to assign it to
whoever you want.
You can create a centralised team,
so if your whip team or your whip
analysts, so if someone is off,
you can switch out people.
Everyone will have this ability of it and
it won't account for everything because
you do have a lot of whip items.
But like you said, for your top 15.
Or you're even top on 135 if you want to
include it in here.
It makes it a lot simpler to kind of
track what's happened, what's agreed,
and if someone's off,
you're not relying on people picking up
emails or going to that group e-mail,
you're just going to the ticket.
So you're centralising that process.
How much extra work is that for the team?
If we're going in and login tickets 20
seconds, 30 seconds,
you have your spreadsheet here.
You've identified you don't know what's
going on with this or it's just been this
with items just been raised or this is a.
1,000,
000 WIP that you need to get over the
line you go in,
you enter four or five pieces of
information and the information is just
for your reference within WIP.
So when you go in,
you'll have lines of different ticket
items that you can philtre through and
you just e-mail instead of outlook you're
emailing from here and it's centralising
all of that information and keeping.
All of the visibility and tracking it in
one central location,
it's it might look like it's quite a lot,
but in reality it's literally four or
five fields you're entering.
And instead of using outlook,
you're just using service now.
But it does give a lot more visibility.
Of what's going on, who's responded,
who's done what?
Do you use e-mail templates that end just
now?
Like is it standard stuff that you're
always asking off the back of your
spreadsheet? Or is it all verbatim?
It's sort of very tailored questions now
that we're trying to ask,
so it depends on the bar really.
The question there used to be a sort of
more template form,
but we've moved away from that. OK,
try to tailor it more to get because the
problem is if partners just get generic
emails, they tend to ignore them.
So we're getting the team to actually
send tailored questions to the partner.
Now, you know,
you mentioned this last month, partner A,
is this still on board?
You know we're, you know,
we're worried about this. You know,
the government,
in whatever country is going to crash now,
shouldn't be worried about the whip.
We're going.
So it's more tailored depending on the
matter. A couple of questions about this.
I guess. First of all,
there's going to be no whip information
held in service now is there?
So this information is purely manual,
manual, correct?
The team send out emails that cover a
matter,
but they also send out emails that might
go to a partner that cover OP that cover
multiple matters.
So the ServiceNow functionality for the
most part and again we can change the
fields either just my suggestion,
so we can create different tickets types
if you want to call them that.
This could be more whip,
you can have a partner specific one,
but for the most part the e-mail acts the
same as outlook.
So we can have templates structured in or
you could just have it as an open e-mail
coming.
From a group mailbox,
if you want to call it that,
it's the main benefit and it comes down
to do you is it worth having this tracked
in the system or is it not enough of an
issue? That's what it comes down to. Yeah,
I got here missing emails.
Are you spending loads of time looking
for approval so you're not sure what the
last status of something?
Was are you resending the same request to
a partner?
Are you sending the same request to a
client?
Those kind of things like more human
error like just not tracking items. Yeah,
and I guess we record that information at
the moment in a spreadsheet.
It is that we see the notes. You know,
if you recurse these notes to send e-mail
out. Second, sending out fifth,
something whatever it might be.
And I guess that would do this job.
I guess.
The the difficulty is,
I think with the matters of partners,
because you might do the part,
the emails are very sporadic,
so and they're not necessarily set,
but you might send out an e-mail to a
partner that covers multiple matters,
in which case that makes it quite hard to
track because you're going to be.
You know you're looking for five matters
under one partner when you're sending one
e-mail,
then another one might be specific about
another matter or you might go to APE.
That might be across multiple partners
and across multiple matters. Now,
how easy is that going to be to track in
a system when you're trying to work out
without actually entering in every single
matter number you're doing?
And if you're going to do that by the
time you've done that,
are you saving any time? Maybe not.
I don't know if you were to,
I was going to ask in terms of when
you're doing all of that work and you've
only got 5 people at the moment. Yeah,
let's say.
Making this up,
let's say Asha's plans to expand and you
get another law firm that gets embodied
in. Yeah, how are you going to?
How do we justify that? Actually,
five's not enough. Actually,
we're struggling already. How?
How are someone going to support the
additional whip that you're planning to
come and throw us as well?
So this is where we say, well,
we can only cover so much that we've got
so.
We, the management,
are aware we can only cover some new
matters,
don't have capacity to come more in terms
of justifying the head count,
you mean we don't have to take our word
for it. We'll take my word for it.
So,
because that's one of the things that
this starts to actually put some facts
and figures behind it. Absolutely. No, no,
no. I'm not against using this.
What I worry is we're actually going to
make you more work than we can have in
the 1st place.
It feels like we're going from sending
out an e-mail and recording what we're
doing to sending out and recording what
we're doing,
but also entering information into the
ServiceNow.
And and yes, you're only doing it,
say once per e-mail,
but if you're sending out 30 emails per
day per person,
and you have a team of five people,
you're suddenly multiply that and you're
you're creating a lot of work for
yourself,
and I'm worried about the crossover of
matters, partners and PES,
where you're crossed.
Multiple it's not necessarily 1 to one
ratio, so then you're losing.
Your benefits,
are very easy looking up and tracking
stuff. Sure,
because you might have one case that's,
you know, five matters,
but you get one but not the other four
and you just split them out and you're
gonna spend a lot of time trying to split
it all up so.
I'm.
This isn't set in stone.
That's that's a very, very valid point.
We'll take that away and I'll consider if
is that your biggest concern with this
solution or is it the double entry?
I'm just trying to understand if we're
going, it's not,
it's the time consuming and the double
entry, the double entry.
Obviously the impact is.
How much time it's taking?
I have a question, sorry.
It's either due date.
What could someone explain that to me
please?
So due dates could be when the whip item
is due due date could also be changed to
when it needs to be raised.
These again these fields are just high
level what I'm suggesting we can change
them to align with.
Where it's just what I thought could be
beneficial, like a manual follow-up date.
It could be like a reminder. For example,
if you sent an e-mail and said oh,
that matter closes in March 2026,
you put it to 1st of March 2026,
then you could follow up then then it
pops back in report that says again so.
You can have a whole report that says OK,
give enough of sequence how I want to
progress work based on this you know due
date I can go. OK, well,
I've logged in in the morning.
I can see which of the ones that I want
to prioritise right now.
So just helps you to kind of very quickly
start to look through some of these these
matters as well. Yeah.
I can see the benefit,
but I'm also just slightly concerned that
it would start flagging up things when
we've already got a spreadsheet that
we're tracking everything on that like
allows us to see what we need to follow
up.
So then you're looking at a spreadsheet
saying, OK,
I've got all this to follow up and then
you've got reminders popping up.
So you need to follow this up and it just
so is that remainder spreadsheet part of
the wider ones we've already talked about
or is that a separate stand alone,
the significant WEP? It's not reminders,
it's more just the way that we rag things
and we follow up.
We'd know based on how we rag it.
When we need to follow up, for example,
if you've got so this month, for example,
Mark's asked us to get all the billing
estimates from the partners.
So what we do is just we could go to the
spreadsheet, look at all the matters,
philtre it by what we know is,
could we build this month based on what
we've been told,
where it hasn't been billed.
And then we can target those matters that
that should be built this month that
haven't been, yeah.
So the problem is that so for example,
if that was a stand alone tracker that
you were using to track those dates and
stuff,
it might make more sense to put it in
here.
But because it's attached to the wider
report that we can actually recreate.
Because you've got status,
so it's not just a simple case of
one-on-one. So there's a lot of data,
stuff like completion dates that you're
putting for three.
So when it when a match is open,
someone will give a completion date when
they and they think it's going to
complete.
Now those dates are not necessarily
correct, but.
You can't need to bring that information
into this as well,
because then what you could do is that
could pop up a due date would be the
completion date,
and then you've got your task then.
But again,
that's probably a lot more to do with the
integration bit.
Is that because you need that information
to drive it and that's where you get your
real value now?
Because I'm just thinking because I'm
wondering whether we.
Try and do some form of digitization of
your spreadsheet itself rather than
direct link to free,
but if you're already extracting rather
than using the spreadsheet to extract and
then work on you take the extract and we
load it in on a monthly basis.
So it's kind of an integration,
but not quite fully integrated, so it's.
And then you can kind of just basically
have your spreadsheet all working through
here and triggering the emails and
running everything.
So you need the information twice a day
to be updated because it's running live
with data so it would need to be at the
start of Australia Day start UK day.
So you'd like to capture with differences
because the problem is things get
building for the month.
You kind of need to keep on top of that
so you're you're only following up stuff.
That has live whip makes sense,
so we do it at the start of each day now
so that we have that live information and
also you obviously build up whip
throughout the month as well.
So what started off as $1,000,
000 this month might only two million,
it's only at the end of the month because
you're taking extracts on the report.
Basically, do the same,
just load it into ServiceNow and you can
run everything through here. It's not.
There's no real difference of it.
It's just you've got digital way of doing
it. You can control it, you can assign it.
You can do the emails as you're doing as
well. Yeah.
It means you don't have to worry about it
being all on the spreadsheet as well. So.
If we can take that way and have a look
at the spreadsheet that you've got and
then look at how do we digitise that for
you and then you've just got that one
digital workspace to everything for all
your teams,
you control the access as well.
That might be a slightly better way to do
it rather than what this is doing is
adding admin on top of your real.
Day job rather than actually trying to
help you. Yeah, and that's it.
And I think that's what we want to get to,
you know? So I think so at the beginning.
It's when it's to add something,
it's gonna take long. Will it? Yeah.
It's the object somewhat.
But I'm seeing there's there's value in
it. Absolutely.
Any other questions? Confidentiality.
Earlier on as well and I think you know
we send out these emails,
they've got the matters from the
significant Web report.
If we're then putting them in ServiceNow
than they would be in.
ServiceNow we,
we can create specific assignment groups,
so visibility is locked down to set users.
ServiceNow is quite good with
confidentiality and role based access.
So that's a relatively low risk.
It actually becomes a little bit easier.
So. So yeah,
it actually becomes a bit easier because
we can go.
OK,
if you are assigned in that case and you
have access,
anyone on the WIP team can see all of the
different cases,
but anyone outside it gets limited,
so it might be.
If you're finance manager for that
particular region,
you would have access to see that data.
If you're not,
then you wouldn't be able to see that.
I'm just I'm making that up,
but there are certain ways that as Mom
talked about,
we can set certain security around it.
We just need to be very careful how you
want to do that as well.
We don't want to overly restrict it and
then it makes it harder to do things,
but at the same time,
if you do have specific rules and what
you need to put in there,
then we can have a look at that as well.
In terms of reporting out of service now
I be able to report on every field.
So suppose you need to look at every case
at once that has a live whip balance
every single field.
That is in our significant report,
but yeah that we put into ServiceNow,
we can do that. Can we? Yeah. Yeah.
Exactly. Yeah. So if you imagine them,
like,
the columns that you've got in your
spreadsheet today, yeah, that's a field.
So as you populate those,
you can then start to create the reports
off the back of that.
And you might say show me the total value
or show me.
Those are over a certain amount.
Show me those that are due.
To get the overview,
because that's what we kind of,
that's what our management board are
asking for to they want to see the
overview of it.
We want to be looking at a practise level
and a division level. Yeah.
And I think that to me sits in EDPI don't
think that sits in ServiceNow,
that ServiceNow is not where we're going
to do finance reporting.
You know,
so I think we just need to be very clear
about what we're actually trying to
design into service. Now.
We're not designing finance reporting on
the status of an outstanding bill because
we know there's some sensitivity around
that and we don't want to open up
ServiceNow to have to go through loads of
security clearances.
So I think again,
once we get this is all about the
handoffs between the different functions,
the ones that are in scope for ServiceNow
in phase one.
And we make sure we get that intent
process to make sure they're as efficient
as they can be.
But we're not planning to pull finance
data in the ServiceNow to do any level of
report.
Just trying to think how the how to best.
If the teams are coming into here as well
as then supporting the other functions as
part of their processes,
there is a need to kind of hand off into
the whip team so they can be in service
now. There's probably not as many hats.
The handoffs are probably a lot less
relevant in the whip team than they are.
With quick control and other finance
teams,
there's is is probably more a kind of
information sharing exercise rather than
giving a task.
If you don't have been so they might be
you know if Kirsty knows a matter is
going to build it's 1,000,
000 it's going to build tomorrow.
She'll probably drop Stephen a message
just like Stephen's got a bill to collect.
Right. You got 1,000,000 LB coming in.
That's probably.
That's probably the extent of the
handoffs. To a certain extent.
And we do that via spreadsheets just now.
You don't wear that.
All those teams have access to.
Is that how you do that? Just now, Kirsty.
Or do you drop them an e-mail?
Just drop them a message? Yeah,
it's very in the office.
It's happened a lot. It's just, you know,
if we know our partners,
maybe we had one this morning where
partners gone out of office for a month
and we can't get any information.
So that was shared between Australian and
Australian credit control team just for
reference, by the way, partner X has.
Got on holiday for a month and not done
anything. Are you aware?
If we want to go for a more even more
simple solution,
so I stayed away from moving the
spreadsheets in purely because if there
are integrations, the future,
there's upgrades going on.
I didn't think and obviously you guys can
chime in,
this wasn't worth going through that
change management process making them
change all the processes,
switching across into ServiceNow.
And then six months down the line saying,
well,
now we're doing this like I'm assuming
that wouldn't go down the best,
especially with your senior stakeholders.
I think it is a good point of digitising
the spreadsheets,
but I think there was the caveat of your
making them change their processes,
which you've just standardised and just
defined.
So we can take that away as a parking lot
item.
But I think it's a use case in the
parking lot.
But for us to have a look at and see how
beneficial or how complicated including a
security perspective of what I mean, yeah,
I think my concern is the doubling up of
activity. I think that's fine.
I think that's the biggest two points.
I'm certainly not against Susie and I
think it's.
I've got that I can see the practical
side of it, you know,
being able to record everything,
have an audit trail, you know,
not having such a pretty mailbox.
Now being able to e-mail for it and
setting the due dates is actually a nice
touch.
I think I can definitely see the benefits
of that.
My worries I said is the the fact that we
are.
At the moment we're we're sending out
emails manually and put the information
spreadsheet we're going to keep doing
that,
but then we're also entering information
in here as well and it feels like we're
adding an extra task to something that
we're doing,
but it probably comes with the benefit of
doing so.
Now that's the benefit of adding in due
dates and being able to track all that
counteract.
The potential more activity I don't
really know, to be honest with you,
it's very difficult to quantify.
You know it's without I think it would
probably be useful to share.
Obviously the spreadsheets that you are
working from without data,
just the headers,
just the take the data out,
just the headers and stuff like that
really.
And then actually,
maybe it's about sharing your mailbox and
given a flavour of what kind of emails or
who you're sending them to.
All that sort of stuff.
So it's maybe just another session we can
do actually with Kirsty and sit down and
go through some of that.
And then understand where's the balance?
Is it worth it?
Let's go back to that end to end process
of where's the handoffs between the
different teams?
Was the volume of the handoffs at those
different teams?
So as you can prioritise the different
workflows and where they sit in.
The answer is probably not.
A lot of handoffs between Team and others
create control absolutely. There's loads,
but we're probably less so it's you're
not handing off tasks so much.
You're more maybe just sharing your
snippet of useful information.
Julian just coming back to the the
digitization of this spreadsheet.
Chris mentioned earlier,
there's fifty people that go into it and
do they edit it?
They're not supposed to know the five
whip analysts are supposed to edit it,
no one else's. OK,
so that's why I say that EDP should be
the source to to do that sort of thing.
For those over 50.
But for people actioning it and doing
something and driving as a process,
that does make sense for that. Yeah, yeah,
that works.
But I'm thinking if there's people
editing the spreadsheet.
Which we're extracting twice a day.
They shouldn't. They shouldn't.
They should not,
and that should be a relatively easy
thing to walk it down to a list of.
Here's the people who can view it.
Here's the people who can edit it. Yeah,
that,
that should just be a it should be as
simple as didn't.
You said these are the people who can
change it.
These are the people who can view it and.
We just basically, you know,
he's a ticket in gaol with me.
That's your lot of security.
Stuff's put in place.
I do think it needs to be on EDP's road
map,
but again EDP is still in an evolution
and it's probably you know you're not
looking at 2026 probably to to get that.
But the key thing is we suffice it as a
use case,
it needs to be analysed and delivered.
I think it's very interesting when you
when you throw in integrations to the
mixed in your eyes appreciate this not in
scope of the land,
but just something to think about
probably for longer term.
I'm looking at doing the job. Yeah,
I mean the whole ecosystem of the three
upgrades, the new data platforms,
all of these things provide massive
opportunity, but everybody, every meeting,
every conversation I'm sure it's.
It's a repeat for each one,
but definitely I just think of the
overall use case.
You know the benefits that bring up quite
a lot. But yeah, I guess for now,
I think that's why it's worth having
these conversations, right?
Because we get the list of what that
looks like in the future.
And then as those other projects progress,
we start to see where we can join that up
and stuff. So it's worth surfacing it.
What happened? Just no, I know.
You're absolutely. Yeah. Cool. So do we.
So we'll provide you with the headers of
the report so you can see,
see what's kind of information we've got.
Yeah.
I think if we had the the spreadsheet,
you know another my spreadsheet,
a process map as well,
just to understand your process kind of
step by step and then some of the emails
just example emails that in that inbox
then it gives the kind of holistic view
of actually this how the Crypt team
operates is the.
Ways that we have to kind of support
having these ways of working in terms of
the tooling and then we can kind of work
out actually what are the use cases for
ServiceNow,
how does it make sense to digitise at the
right point as well?
It might be right now is not the right
point without adding lots of admin
because we all want to slow you down
given that it's only 5 individuals in the
team that.
Yeah, supports globally and giving us WIP.
You know,
we don't want to kind of just stop that
process as well.
So we'll take away and have a look at
what what makes sense by now. Yeah,
sounds good.
Sorry, I was just going to add to that,
it might be helpful Kirsty,
if you can just give us a bit of advice
around,
not necessarily where you're handing off
to other ask teams,
but where you're giving them information
or a flavour of what types of things you
would maybe tell them what teams it would
be that you would have a communication
with them around and then we can look at
that as well, yeah.
I don't think there's a need to go
through all the different slides now,
but I think that was a good discussion.
Again,
not to solutionize or push this down your
throat. But we also have a web scrape.
Sorry e-mail scraping solution that we're
potentially doing for expenses that might
be beneficial.
So instead of having to manually raise
this, it limits the amount of.
Of information we can gather,
but it just takes your e-mail subject and
your e-mail body description creates a
ticket and then tracks everything on that
ticket.
That might be beneficial but just want to
think about sorry, say that again.
What was it? So in a really simple way,
e-mail comes in you CCNA e-mail you've
configured within the system.
So ash host@gmail.
com or whip at ashashhost.com,
it takes that e-mail,
takes the entire chain,
puts it into a ServiceNow ticket,
and then you have it there saying if you
wanted to track a specific item or if you
have, I don't know,
a decision being made and you just want
to.
Have that available for reference. Yeah,
it just takes it and dumps it as a ticket
like, yeah.
Cool. So we'll ignore that.
We've discussed the solutions we've
discussed,
if it's worth including and this one I
think might make a couple people panic
because we don't have integrations and
we're discussing them and might make some
people excited.
So this is just a high level list and
this this is an open discussion.
So if anyone thinks of more benefits,
this is what I think are the big benefits
of integrations.
I'll go through them step by step,
but ultimately it's just understanding
what's a priority to you guys.
If we do get to this stage or if there's
anything I've missed out that's a high
priority to.
And so first one is auto creates task
from data.
So in theory if data is coming in we can
just yeah straight away that's that's
your real benefit that's your you have
all the weapon data you pull completion
dates you pull estimated billing values
against whip values.
Against what's in the system and suddenly
your WIP analyst will get notification to
say completion date is set for November
25.
Your estimated billing value is $1
million. You're already at, you know, 900,
000. You've got three days left.
There's your reminder, Kirsty.
Time to step up.
Go and speak to the field and make sure
they're going to build.
And that's what you want.
You want your your triggers based on
database. So that's what. Yeah.
In the integration world, that's where.
That's where you get your benefits of
this. Absolutely cool.
So that's I'll put that high priority.
Absolutely.
Show key facts inside the task.
So this is kind of a continuation from
the top one. You can start screen shaking.
You can start pulling out specific pieces
of data and you can create your reports
and your dashboards,
but based on the top one,
I'm assuming that's also a high priority
and then you can evidence and quantify if
you need more support.
Where the gaps are where the risks are,
where bottlenecks are timing elements.
So I'll put that as also high priority.
Yeah. Can we just go back to the top one?
So you're saying about the fact that
there would be quite a long lead time
sometimes to those billing things,
so so you wouldn't want to raise the
ticket well long due date on it,
you would want to wait until.
Due date was almost due and then raise it,
so you'd probably have to so it's so it's
not a case of, you know,
raise it with that long tail.
It'd just be here,
something actionable within three to five
days, whatever the sort of agreed. Yeah,
SL ES and stuff are exactly right. Yeah.
Yeah. So you'd be.
You'd be spacing your workload on a
certain point. So you don't want to.
That point.
And you passed that deadline,
but you it's going to build next month.
OK, we've got what,
three or four days for five days left.
This reminder.
Now this seems to be action by the end of
the week to make sure the part was lined
up to build up the first name or 3rd of
November. And again, is that an EC thing?
Is that well,
it is if you're pulling data from three
because those dates are completion dates
or values. So the triggers are.
The data in three in the first place.
Yeah. So I think again,
this goes back to what might 3.
1 bring in terms of APIs and stuff
prioritisation. So yeah, magical thing.
Well,
we don't have API in the current version
we do in 3.
1 and you know I think we just need to
make sure.
So we're asking the questions of the team
that are doing the upgrade to see is this
a capability,
but equally there is no point in dumping
in the service now something that's going
to bail in four months,
that's just you know,
it's just going to sit in a queue and
it's going to muck up all the matrix and
whatever else.
So it should be agreed that.
From the saying to ServiceNow,
here's the things that are due to build
in the next three to five days.
So who do we need to speak to to
understand that's already I'm already
talking to the team.
We had a conversation with Parik and Mark
and whatever as well with some of them.
So again,
a lot of the things is just making sure
all the programmes are connected.
To the ADP3 upgrade it's hetra. Now.
Some of this stuff wouldn't be in,
you know, day one anyway.
So it's not killing us to.
To make understanding what what
capability they have,
particularly for the the websites, yeah.
Again, we're going to capture.
We'll ask that that we'll ask that
question is that yes,
as a note is that maybe if it's a no,
then we need to go and find a potential
other target for that data. Yeah,
I'm also down for the three years going
to have these kind of workflow or work
case management capabilities.
It's more that.
Kind of system record rather than a
system of engagement and action.
So as we said,
we'll take offline and have a look at the
kind of integration,
but also how do we support the teams
because I do want to look at the kind of
digitization of the spreadsheet.
I know it's got some finance information
there,
but realistically it should be just five
team members that should have access to
that service now. And again,
I'm not saying we shouldn't all I'm
saying.
Saying is there will be other options for
the business that might make more sense
in terms of where they would invest that
you know,
given the sensitivity of some of the data
that's in scope, that's good.
We're talking about the sensitivity of
data,
but we're going to have to deal with that
anyway. Yeah, yeah.
I don't think we can see by. Oh, well,
all of a sudden data becomes sensitive
because we're talking about ServiceNow.
Data is already sensitive.
It's about who has access to who's above
wall.
Behind wall, whatever we want to call it,
but the same people who would access it
in service now will have the appropriate
approvals to access it in three East or
in a spreadsheet. It's about education,
I think I.
I agree we don't want to replicate 3 E in
service now,
but equally I do want us to fully
understand that.
I don't think we've got a full
understanding yet of what 3.
1 will actually deliver for us and we
need to get that bloody quickly, Alex,
because I've been asking for that for
quite a while and I'm not.
Not getting it you right,
but I've been told in the past. Oh, yeah.
Well, you might be able to get mates.
Not good enough,
because if this can help us. Yeah.
So I'm kind of sitting on the fence,
right.
I'm kind of halfway where Julian isn't
saying. Yeah, let's go for it.
But equally,
I recognise what you're saying.
But we need 3E to start telling us,
realistically,
because it's only a few months away what
actual functionality is going to be
rolled out. Yeah,
and that's why we as opposed to you're
getting 3.
1 and it might be Christmas for us.
Or it might not be. Yeah. And.
And that's why we just need to get the
options in front of them and get the as a
yes, as I know so that we can then say,
well, if it's a no, what else, what?
What other options are there and what do
they look like?
And last week then they spoke about
Sunday mentioned that was some
functionality that already existed.
So that we just haven't. Yeah. So again,
sandeep's going to send me details of
that.
He's also going to send me so he knows
about his stuff so well,
he he knows what the functionality is,
and he's asked about it previously.
I don't know why it's not there until he
tells me what the functionality is.
A kind of a conversation with the.
Yeah.
So I mean anything that's anything that
you're aware of that three should do for
us that doesn't do today.
Then to me that is something that we
should again say,
why have we not switched on.
You know there may well be a good reason
why it's not switched on,
but everybody needs to understand the
whys and the whip side,
but the credit control side is very
relevant.
So there are work flows of credit control
to automate choices.
Then the now that we don't do it here for
some reason,
it's been customised to not do it and I
don't know why,
but stock 3 when they wrap it back will
have workflows that can send out chases
based on a certain timing.
You send out templates, 10 blades,
you press a button that sends them all
off. It's like a mass tool.
We don't use it here when it's stripped
back.
My intention is that we should probably
look at it well as an option. Absolutely.
I mean,
for me it's just a case of this exists.
We don't use it. Why don't we use it?
And if nobody knows why?
If it's just some historical thing that
somebody,
you know who originally went in and said,
oh,
we don't want to do that and it's never
been revisited and then now is the time.
Yeah, well, I think.
Yes, that's exactly right.
The functionality came out after they
started customising it,
so they put the customizations in and
then I think they realised that it
wouldn't work with the functionality that
came out.
So it's just never been looked at since
until we stripped back those
customizations.
You're not going to be able to use it.
That's a whole other conversation, yeah.
Yeah, with Betty Adams.
Cool.
So just confirming this isn't the if 3E
can accommodate for these.
These are just general very beneficial
items for WIP,
so it's not an issue if 3E doesn't
accommodate for that.
What I don't think 3 E will accommodate
for is those workflows like Julian was
saying. So regardless, we will,
whether it's existing in ServiceNow,
feeding data into.
Report or is 3 sitting and being the
source of feeding this data.
I think the teams do need that kind of
centralised area for those work flows to
make their lives easier to have that
efficient reporting to have those
automations in place.
But it'll be good to know what comes out
of 3.
1 and what we can and can't feed and what
kind of the appetite of that change piece
is.
Again, it's a big change management piece,
isn't it?
To get them to switch across to another
system. Cool. So, yeah,
I've put those two as high priority,
whether in three,
whether in service now or whether in
System 600, who knows?
Smart assignment in response to target.
So that one,
I don't want to say all of them are high
priorities, but that one.
Is really good for kind of automation and
efficiency to be able to just auto assign
based on information from a source system
and to kick off all those workflows kick
off.
It's you essentially end up not needing
to manage any of those by trusting your
source system, your source system,
you just enter, everything comes out,
all of your chases, all your emails.
All of your kind of due dates reporting
is then coming into ServiceNow and
obviously that will rely on creating the
correct assignment groups and assignment
roles,
which we'll need to get at some point.
But that is a really good one when it
comes to automation and efficiency.
Creating that automatically, yeah,
target response time set by value or H
it's just creating those roles.
Roles,
roles and workflows in the system to auto
assign.
Yeah, hopefully that makes sense. Yeah,
it does.
Like teams are all split up by division
or by practise. You know,
we'll probably get down to our level at
some point. If you have to.
But that's very, yeah.
Would that help manage escalations?
So then go from, yeah,
partner business manager, yeah,
because and those those escalations will
be split up at a either potentially.
Practise or division level so then you
could build that in very easily to say if
it's this practise.
If it's this division it goes to so and
so,
so and then you get the security aspect
as well one region if you don't want to
see another region we just set that up
and then you immediately don't have any
visibility of tickets or better items or
whatever you want to have that
confidentiality and visibility of.
So that was quite good for that.
Yeah,
the region is probably less relevant on
the website.
I think it's more more to do with
practise and division because you might
have a practise head or it's a division
to have have global views practise heads
maybe across Asia and Pacific or some of
the branch of it, more of Europe,
at least Europe, whatever it may be.
That sounds good.
Can we get even if it's a high level,
roughly what that separation is between
division area? Well,
you said region's not as important,
but your division,
your business manager a little to where
we can show you, yeah, yeah, cool.
Thank you very much.
And record approvals and update the
finance system.
So this was more of a back and forth.
So if you have an action completed in
three, it goes through to ServiceNow.
Any of your approvals or workflows or
completions and ServiceNow then
automatically update 3E?
So we'd need APIs and we need data going
back and forward, but it just means that.
There's not much manual input.
You're streamlining the whole system,
and you're basically giving empowering
the teams to get the process end to end
without much input or much involvement.
Of course you can put in place certain
approvals and you can put in logic or
field X needs to be completed before it
sends the data back in,
but that is your validation.
You're no longer sending.
Emails you're no longer sending chasers.
It's system to system and you're relying
on the teams to do whatever actions they
need out of it.
Come back into the system and it feeds it
end to end just to ask. Actually,
that's a stupid question actually.
The partners and peers,
they're not gonna have any access to
service now or there at all.
They'll just get the notification on
e-mail.
They won't put the panel they go to or
anything like that.
They'll have.
They'll have their employee centre.
So if I'm thinking, for example,
I'm a practise head and something's been
escalated to me because Kirsty's not
getting response for whatever reason and
it goes to practise head,
how do they know that something's been
escalated to them? Is it do they?
Get a one on their little,
you know screen and have to pop in and go
and collect it or or what's the how do
they interact with it.
So do you want to no good for you?
So they'll have an employee centre where
a notification will pop up.
But what we need to be mindful of is
partners won't be sitting in ServiceNow
full time.
So we need to still configure how they're
going to get that notification.
But they'll do the action through their
employee centre.
So whatever that notification is,
it will feed them back to the employee
centre to send the action back. Yeah.
So for example, if you have approvals,
which I'm not sure you will have in any
of your processes,
but you could send an approval that's get
all the information in it.
They're basically just checking it on and
taking it back.
It comes back rather than having to send,
for example, cashiers do loads,
send an e-mail with loads of attachments
and stuff like that on them that will be
in the system for the movie there. Cool.
So people will have access regardless of
what you are in the business,
see some kind of notification,
whatever to be confirmed. How?
They will access that via a portal of
that they can access on their home screen.
There's no excuses for them to respond.
There isn't anything I'd say is that
they'll have a limited access to certain
things just because of the way that it's
and then the way that it's licenced as
well, so.
You know, we're in the whip team.
You'll have, like,
a full access to all the whip case I'm
making up.
You know the whip cases and requests and
all the reports and dashboards.
Someone in the business,
like the partner or PE will have limited
access but can still access,
say reports or dashboards or approvals or
escalations with certain key details that
they need.
Yeah, cool.
And that's part of the wider stuff that
joy and Ruth will help us through the
change management perspective around
what's going to be the best way to notify
partners.
How are we going to change the behaviour
that tastes good luck with that
everybody's face is the same when we say
that it's awesome.
Cool.
And then you've got your live dashboards.
That's also, yeah.
Live dashboards are good on there. Yeah,
live dashboards pulling in data
automatically.
The one we can do at the moment is guided
steps.
So if we brought users and ServiceNow,
we could create documentation and help
kind of cement.
Those process steps give them like a
reference point or best practises or.
You need to speak to or that kind of
stuff, but again,
you'd have to create those documents.
You'd have to make sure it aligns with
your different regions,
and if it's standardised correctly,
so it's again,
there's a lot of back work before you get
to this point.
Exactly acknowledge articles pretty much.
Yeah.
So I don't know if you have anything like
that that you have on your kind of
stakeholder side to help them.
And understand what it is they do or what
the process looks like, or whatever.
We've got pockets of.
Some teams have it and some teams won't.
But it's but not, certainly not.
Not to the extent other teams I would
have thought,
it's probably just something that
actually think about is,
is there something that you're always
educating people on so happen to tell
them certain ways to do certain things.
Might be applicable. It might not.
If there are things,
then start to think about how we can
document that,
because we can potentially push it to
them.
What we need to consider here is
obviously we wouldn't have traffic for
this team coming in and making requests.
So we need to think about how.
We would show that documentation. Yeah,
that's all. Yeah.
Is it safe to say it's a risk that it's
kind of the knowledge is stored in
specific SMEs and specific people and
there's no kind of reference point if
that person leaves or if that person gets
promoted?
None.
Knowledge on processes,
any knowledge in general,
how they do stuff processes not so much
because they are documented somewhere or
yeah, they will be in the system. Show us.
You know what someone's doing as a job.
Yes, it probably is a risk.
But again,
that's what we copy in the the box so
everyone can see what's going on. Yeah,
but yes, it is absolutely risky one. Yeah,
OK,
but that potentially might help mitigate
that risk because then when you switch
people out, just something to consider.
And so this slide was just to kind of
give you that visibility of what we can
and can't do.
Is there any additional kind of big key
items anyone wants to raise and discuss
or has that highlighted majority of what
you would think is beneficial from an
integration standpoint?
Are there any other things that are a
pain for you, Kirsty?
Thinking across the team stuff that you
work on,
that's just so frustrating when you go.
I wish you could just. Not really, no. OK,
that's more the information that we get.
But I think that that's a separate piece
and how we go about getting better
information.
I don't think it's sort of ServiceNow
slash like system kind of thing.
It's more like a learning piece for the.
Business and what our team doing,
what we're trying to achieve by getting
the information they can provide us, OK,
yeah.
Cook.
Just one more thing from my my end right
the the other benefit which you get with
tasking is the metrics like how long
someone spent a task some time on a task
or how long the request took from start
to the end.
So you can measure and improve
performance and also also manage your
capacity as well.
So how having all that kind of helps,
so we can build these metrics on as well
on top.
That was actually a question I had,
so would I be able to see like what is
that with the analysts and my team?
Like how many requests that they're
Yeah.
sending out? OK,
if we get that digitization piece correct,
Yeah.
then yes. So that is another key bit.
That's right.
If you get the queue dates,
you can say you know because the 20.
That's fine,
that's the dashboards etcetera.
What are you doing? That's easier. Yeah.
You'll also be able to track as well if
we can get that digitization piece done
so that it's no extra key and but that's
the benefit of putting your queues in
here and sending your correspondence
through here because.
You can start to see as well if there's
certain partners or PES that you're going
to for information,
then they're not coming back.
You start to see those trends so you can
actually have conversations that are
focused around that sort of thing and
start to change behaviour around that.
You can see what's sitting with each of
your teams.
If there's stuff that's been sitting for
too long with them or things.
That they potentially could have missed
because they're going through a mailbox
and they can't catch it.
It's all sitting there for you so you can
see it.
So that's the other benefit that we
talked about.
We need to understand the balance of if
we need to do some manual keying,
what are the benefits we get outside of
doing it and how long does it take us.
Because from a management perspective in
your team,
it may actually be a real benefit because
you can start to see all that sort of
stuff.
So you can kind of break it down at each
level then so you can look at it from
like analysts and then you can look at it
from like billing completions and like
gather that sort of data pair.
Practise division.
If we can build all the right stuff in
the system. Yeah,
we've got the data there as well.
Then it'd be very easy to do as well.
Yeah. Yeah, it is.
The other thing we can track is time as
well. So we will do a wider piece on Slas.
But actually Olas which are operational.
There's no level agreement.
So for example,
if there's certain things that we start
to build in,
you can start to measure a certain amount
of time. So it takes, I don't know,
it should take you 24 hours to do
something that should take you three days
to do something.
We need to explore what that looks like
for this team because it's just slightly
different.
But those are things that we can.
Build towards.
I think it would be quite good to see
when you're doing the end to end process
thing,
put an asterisk next to the one that are
your biggest challenges.
Or just do A1 to fives or whatever else
because then we can sort of target and
focus it.
We know from all the previous workshops,
for example, that the PES.
Are you know going to be factored into
the stuff that Joy's doing at OCM and
there's some work to be done there?
So I think if we take that as a kind of
joined up from every workshop,
this has been the messaging because it's
very clear that they need to come as part
of the journey. And I think, Joe,
you touched on it as well last week as
well that they need to.
You know, they are a consistent team.
Yeah.
To say it's a challenge across all
finance teams exactly right.
The challenges will be the same for
everyone.
And if we start to use the system to help
us tackle that.
This is the perfect opportunity, right?
So that's where we start having those
conversations, yeah.
Any other questions on anything we've
discussed or just curiosity about
ServiceNow functionality?
No. OK, so this is the whip recap.
We will come back to you with the user
stories. What we've discussed,
what we summarised,
if there's any outstanding questions,
I'm sure we're going to have a couple of
follow up workshops and discussions to
review everything we've discussed today.
We will also align the potential
solutions with our technical team team,
see what's feasible, what's not feasible,
especially about the digitization,
how much effort is required and that's
the end of the WIP section.
OK.
Can I just ask a question about timings
of activity going forward?
So what's the so we provide this
documentation probably could do the
reports today,
Kirstie and I need to sit down and do the
touch points.
We'll do that whenever we get probably
next day or so. I'm flying tomorrow,
so I'll just do it before I get the play
and then what's the next step? When, when?
When would we expect to hear back from
you?
And I've asked him because we've got a
roadshow coming up in Australia the week
after next.
And I'm out for three days and Sydney
doing that.
So I was going to say for whip is
slightly different comparison to the
other to the other workshops.
So I think if we can get the output from
you this week in terms of you know the
process, the the kind of spreadsheet,
the e-mail view very even just example
stuff.
I think we probably need to kind of take
away and go here are the options.
Here's kind of what you could potentially
do.
You either decide in a kind of semi or
integrated way where it's taking a report
or you just do really basic workflow for
the other processes where you are
involved and you might potentially stay
in the spreadsheet.
We kind of need to kind of give you a
view of the options first which I think
we need.
Kind of present back to you next week at
some point and then we take it forward
from there rather than there's a slight
difference in other workshops where it's,
oh, we've got loads of user requirements.
We know exactly what we're going to build.
It's like I think we're in a kind of
option stage at the moment,
first before we kind of go further and
yeah, that's good. I think that's good.
Yeah.
Yeah, cool.
I think the other thing I'd just add to
that as well is we don't have the wider
timeline for you guys.
You're not currently on share well.
So we don't have to get you off.
And the timelines that we're doing.
So we probably can take a little bit more
time to do that discovery piece and
understand what the right kind of
solution is for it.
So I think it's just about you guys
getting your stuff over to Marwan and
Julian and the team,
and then it's about that design piece and
we'll come back after that. Cool.
That's good.
We'll probably need some follow up
sessions which we'll try and work around
your roadshow and yeah,
kind of your availability as well.
So we'll just try and.
Pull it together,
send you an initial view,
and then we can catch up and just kind of
work for it a little bit in more detail,
right.
Do you have any sort of like visuals so I
can see what it looks like?
I'm one of those people.
I need to see what I actually like.
If we haven't got in the pack,
we can definitely share.
We've got in a lot of the other packs
within of service now. Yeah.
There'll be some on some of the.
Recording.
So I think we'll have you in this shared
space, Kirsty. Yeah,
either Mel or I can follow up with you
and show you where those recording ones
are. They won't be whipped specific,
but there's some demos and stuff included
in the finance free stuff that we've done.
Yeah, cool. And again, well,
we know that you're kind of loosely
coupled to.
The juggernaut that is phase one,
a bit like what I do with the E we're
trying to pull in all the different
aspects of who will potentially be part
of it going forward. So for example,
there's a knowledge manager coming on
board,
so we'd want them to be speaking to you
about what could you do so.
Yes,
we probably aren't going to come at you
and say let's do this from from next
September,
but it's absolutely important that we
understand where we can potentially see
an opportunity to build a process and
ServiceNow for maybe another team that
you could really use, you know, so again,
yes,
you could do reporting through ServiceNow.
We're building an EDP.
There'll be at our mesol at some point to
see where will we do global reporting,
where will we display that?
Are we going to put it on this or a
corporate dashboard?
We know there's going to be a short term
link between our current Intranet site
and service news stuff.
So it's just working out how all those
vain diagrams fall together.
I think particularly on the reporting
piece.
By the end of this week,
we'll have a better idea as well,
because we've got the reporting session
on Thursday and those involved in the
reporting sessions like Steve,
who's on ADP,
so he will know a little bit more about
that and be able to pull that together.
But that's a way that's not just for you
guys. It's a way to ask reporting piece,
but yeah.
There's also.
I do. Yes. Please. Yes, please. Right.
We're good. Cool.
So we've managed to get that done in an
hour and a half.
So I'm proposing everyone has a break now.
We'll try to magically get some treats
and snacks somehow. Is it not necessarily.
I was just.
I was thinking the Sugar's the Sugar's
kind of.
No, no. There's sugar in the back.
Worst case scenario, just cool.
So Parikh should we reconvene in 10
minutes? Sure. So 10:50. So what for you?
Parikh. You're still in there. We take 15,
Marvin.
Yeah, yeah, I'm still here. Yeah, sure.
Back at 5. Two. Yeah.
We're taking 15 park.
Thank you. Yeah, I'll see you later.
Back at 55 pass please.
Thanks.
Be good to stop.
Oh.
Everyone good to go?
I realised we didn't go through.
We went through that.
We went through that. No, we did.
We should be fine. Ignore me.
And so we're going to be doing credit
control as this processes and we're going
to be starting off until Martin can jump
off on, we're going to do bad debt,
write off and amend.
And update client terms so the structure
and approach I've taken for this is.
So the structure I took was Tim's
processes he helpfully provided to me.
I reviewed.
I extracted what I think was the most
relevant information and what we could
create is kind of the ServiceNow
structure. So a lot of decision paths,
approvals, touch points.
The list here might not be all relevant
to credit control,
but I thought it's worth bringing up
anyway.
We'll have the discussion if it's out of
scope,
we can skip past it or we can have the
discussion anyway to understand if
there's any touch points. So let's start.
I need to find bad debt right off 1st.
Actually,
since amend updates is the first one up,
let's do that first,
so we're not going to be going through
the process maps.
It's just as a reference point for where
I brought the information from alongside
what are the documents and the bit that's
relevant to you guys.
And this is going to be the same format
for all of these.
The other processes as well,
we'll go through on the left hand side is
what I've understood as the as is.
So I've extracted a couple key pieces of
information I was trying to structure it
as simply as possible and on the right
I've put the list of questions that I
think we need to answer as the priority
and to drive the discussion.
But of course we can have whatever.
Discussions needed around the specific
process.
The answers on the right are pulled from
the as is that I think are the most
relevant, but again,
that's for you guys to either confirm or
say it's not and then we will also decide
what data we need to kick off this
process.
So this is just a suggested list of.
Basic data that would be useful to
potentially drive this information,
but it'll be good to know from you guys
when a request comes in, how that looks,
how it's structured,
what stuff is left out,
if we could potentially use ServiceNow to
root and drive these decision making so
you don't have those back and forth.
So let's start off the amend and update
client payment terms.
So comes in request to change payment
terms. Pretty self-explanatory,
the process and the handoff points that
I've identified are starts with the
client CRP or partner.
Of course,
the client's not gonna have access to
service now, but that's what drives this.
It goes through to the credit control or
working capital teams and then it goes to
the practise head.
If it's an approval required for 60 plus
days. So it'd be good to know,
I guess that's a good starting point
actually.
What are the approvals needed?
Is there just one approval in place?
Is that the correct process? Yeah.
So there is one approving process.
So I think it's worth adding a caveat to
this.
Actually this process the as is process
that you have is our new global process
that we are implementing.
So it's currently done in a very ad hoc
way around.
In the world,
so I have spoken to the regions and
loosely agreed that the as is process
that you have is going to be the new
process going forward,
tried to standardise it,
it was done in about 5 or 6 different
ways.
When I went out to the various offices.
So this is as is global standard going
forward. So when we talk about the.
As is, it's the the new as is,
but that's the opposing model we're
aiming for. Yeah. Yeah, so.
The the nuance as well was that under 60
days were good for the what was it
practise head and practise head is that
credit control working capital review
request practise head trying to remember
that I'm sure there was another under 60
days caveat wasn't there yeah.
Up to 60. Fine. Fine.
So there there is also a double part of
it as well.
So there is if you're a partner on a
matter,
you can approve your payment terms on
your matter.
Of up to 60 days. Oh, I'm sorry.
I do have it on the approvals.
I did think I brought that planner can
approve up to 60 days on their matter.
Let's see. That's meant to be.
CRP can approve up to 60 days on all
matters for their clients.
Practise head approval required over 60
days. Is that exactly right?
So a partner can approve on their matters
up to 60 days.
What they can't do is change client level
payment terms,
so payment terms are held at 2 levels.
They're held at a matter level and a
client level.
The matters override the client.
So if it's a 30 days of matter level but
60 days of the client,
the 30 days will take precedent.
So matters will always override client.
What we can't have is a matter level
partner coming in and saying I want to
change the payment terms on my client to
be 60 days for example,
and there are 20 other matters all sat
around all the other parties.
So the only person that's allowed to
change a client level.
Is the client relationship partner.
They can approve that so matter partner
can approve their own matter.
Client relationship partner can approve
their own. The client level part terms.
These are all up to 60 days when it gets
above 60 days needs to be approved by the
practise head.
OK, that's sorry, that's easy enough.
Then we can create those as roles within
ServiceNow and that's our assignment
groups essentially for this.
The touch points that I've identified is
that correct all the way through and it
ends with the credit control and working
capital.
So working capital and credit control
ultimately make the change in three.
It's changing due to I have a time to
move on.
Generally,
myself or somebody in the team would do
it. Yeah, sorry.
Every it would be with the confirmation
from the Parliament. Yeah, OK.
Every would come with the.
That instruction,
and again that's that's a e-mail at the
moment, yes. OK.
Yes,
that would that would be via e-mail from
the partner CRP, whoever it might be. OK,
fine.
So if we stuck to this logic for
workflows, is that correct?
If we set up the rules and routing based
on these touch points? Yeah. As yeah,
as Chris says, that's the the process.
Yeah. As I was moving forward. So cool.
Sorry,
the one thing I would say and this is I
guess where the request departs come in.
So this is goes back to our conversation
we talked earlier about the how would I
partner access something.
These requests are going to come from a
partner,
so are they going to send an e-mail and
then that will create a requesting
service now or will they go into a panel
that says change payment terms and then
build something and then it goes off,
they'll go into the portal.
So that's part of the wider change piece
that we will be pushing people to go into
the portal rather than sending an e-mail.
So we can control the information that's
coming in. Great.
Is it worth at this stage since we're
still waiting for marks to go through a
lot of these to show the proposed
solution,
so it helps kind of understand the flow
and how we're going to be doing it from
the portal through to collecting data or
should we just continue this,
let's continue this for now, are they?
Yeah.
I think Martin will join if he can,
but I don't think he's due to be here
till about 1:00.
So it depends what they've got going on
in the team and stuff like that,
whether he can actually join.
So I think we just go through it, Marvin,
and we'll just capture any points that
are coming up for him and I'll cover that
and if we need to fall back to it,
we will. OK,
I'll continue with this one and then bad
and then we'll circle back.
To the top. If he joins, he joins. OK,
so raising I've got client and CRP
partner.
But of course within this system it would
be always saying primarily the partner is
that who's this is targeted at.
It would be, yeah.
So the request generally come from part.
I would say it might come from AP as well
potentially.
They the partner,
may have instructed said to them.
Can you please ask someone to update his
terms for me?
But ultimately it should be.
AP wouldn't do it off their own back.
It would come from a partner in the 1st
place. So partner raises.
Do we have any delegation process?
Is is that something in scope at the
moment that partner will tell someone
else to do it and then they raise it on
their behalf or?
Is it always a partner and it it's as
simple as that?
They're the one that's raising it.
So partner may ask APE to do it on their
behalf.
I think that's probably more of a wider
finance behaviour we will have.
I think we are building that and aren't
we on behalf of type requests that PES
and partners will kind of be
interchangeable if you like.
Just wanted to make sure so I could make
a note.
Hope and.
Decision plots that I've identified as
just approve a decline.
We would client the change to payment.
Yeah, approvals, we said practise head,
that's fine. It finishes this process.
Credit control, working capital,
we said that's fine evidence on closure.
I know you came back on e-mail and said
there's certain items we don't want to
have necessarily evidence because it.
Bottle next or blocks them a little bit.
Is that something we want to make
mandatory when they make that change that
they have to have XY and Z included,
or do we just want to have simple closed
tick box?
What's what's the most optimal solution
that you get your audit check box done
and?
It's simple enough for the users.
Just to say it's done,
you mean basically do we need screenshots
or reports or no, no, no.
The payment terms would be updated system
as long as there's a record to say so and
so has requested us to prove this.
That's all we really need.
I don't think there's anything else.
I can't think of anything.
You currently notify them like you say.
Oh, I've updated that and.
They just assume that they send it off
and it's done. Really.
It's just an assumption it's done.
The UK, Europe and America,
such a real request that is such a real
request that you know there's no
formalised process for it's generally we
get the request and you know we then go
back and advise the partner or the PE
that it's been done.
In terms of what your your check mark
would be, has it been done or not?
It would be visible to the partner,
the PE,
the credit control teams on the system
you know would be able to pick up from
the metric report the part,
and the PE would be able to see it as
well.
When they look at the Monday end reports
that you know that partner debt reports
and whatnot.
So you know that that would be your
cheques.
Balances really. OK.
So so from a reporting perspective,
a safe assumption is any data or data
points we've identified here can be
configurable in the report.
So if we have evidence required,
yes or no,
it's just something that can be picked up.
So it's quite easy to,
it would be visible on the report. Yeah,
when you look at the payment term, Jess.
Check something on the decisions,
so if it's approved,
it follows the happy path it goes through
and do what you need to do.
If it's declined,
will they sometimes come back and I
should do something else or change
something before they approve it?
Or is it just?
It won't be the only reason we would
decline it is if the approval level
wasn't correct. Stephen,
I would very much like to say no,
you're not having those terms.
I don't think we can unfortunately as
long as the approval is there,
whatever the relevant approval is,
then we need to accept it.
OK, so how do they send that approval?
At the moment,
do they send it at the start when they
request it? Is it an attachment?
Is it somebody's e-mail? Is it a partner?
Is it just a partner approving it
themselves,
or does it need to go to somewhere? No,
this is the problem.
There is a lack of approval process,
so some parts will approve it.
Some will just say do it and.
Not ask senior approval and set terms of
120 days so the and would that be your
job to say no,
you can't do that and either,
which is why you're putting in this
approval process to make sure this stops
happening.
If you want to extend extended terms for
60 days,
you can go and speak to your practise and
justify why you're doing it needs to be a
good business reason to take some
ownership of it to stop.
Is just making these changes.
That's the idea behind it,
because what we can do when they come
through the portal and the form is we can
make it mandatory that we have to attach
approval if that's something that will
work. It is.
But if it's the partner who's requesting
it, then they don't need to.
So you need to just build that into the
logic. But yeah,
you'd want it as a step then as it comes
in.
Umm.
If you could build it into the logic,
then yes.
If you could say if you want terms over
60,
I assume you're going to fill in a box
saying how many, what,
what terms do you want?
Anything that says 60 plus?
Then you need to attach an approval of
practise. So that would be good.
Maybe we could configure that right.
Yeah, that'd be cool.
That would force the hand a bit.
Just got to be conscious that if we're
saying attach an approval,
it could actually just be a text document
and nothing in it and it will come
through, won't it or get submitted.
We can't look into absolutely,
but that's why we that's why Stephen and
I or the other managers,
when we're doing it and check it,
we do that bad debt right off style.
I would always read what someone's
attached and if it wasn't.
Correct. I said it back and say, oh,
you know, it's not right. Yeah.
I think the benefit we're doing though,
if we put that rule in is that we're
putting the onus back on to the partner
to see if you don't have the approval,
you need to attach it before even sending
it to us. Of course, when it comes in,
you'll need to check that it's the
approval.
Yeah.
So yeah, the next slide,
once we get to it,
we can decide what's useful to have on
there as the initial submission.
But I just want to finish this one first,
just to make sure I've aligned with your
expectations. So where did we get to?
So evidence of closure, don't worry,
I'll change all this afterwards.
I'm just making notes for myself.
So evidence on closure not required,
but it seems like evidence on submission
could be beneficial submission in terms
of notifications,
we're saying there's no specific process,
it's just if someone makes that change
request and it's approved,
that assumption is.
That's it. That's done. Yeah.
I don't think we need to do it.
I just feel like something that needed.
Yeah,
we're just bombarding partners of crap.
Otherwise, I'd just get fed up. We can.
I mean,
if they get fed up for notifications,
we won't include this.
But we can always include auto triggers
saying e-mail notification.
This is now your ticket is now closed or
this has now been complete.
Something like that. I don't think.
Me to I think if we were asked for
confirmation,
we could just send a manual e-mail.
But most people won't care.
They're just send a request.
If I'll be done. Yeah. It's such a simple,
easy request. It's probably, yeah.
Yeah, cool. Not an issue.
Thank you.
Cool and specific region processes or
systems all the same.
All the same amazing globally
standardised.
What we'd like to hear the business
doesn't know this yet,
but this and I guess this is where the
change piece might come in,
because I've designed this as this
process has been signed off by.
The local finance teams,
but it hasn't necessarily been
communicated out to the wider business
community. Over to you. No,
I was going to ask, actually,
you were saying before that this is a new
process.
How widely has it been accepted and have
people started using this new way of
working already?
Or is it still going through OK?
It was bought in because I knew we were
doing this. Yeah.
Like a very trial opportunity to
standardise things.
And whilst we have a change management
team on side,
you can do all the hard work without me.
I mean to be honest with you.
So it's just a great, a good opportunity,
but we're looking.
I think Jill said to be a while ago,
look at the processes that might lend
themselves to.
And thinking about it,
this is one where there was five or six
different processes going on.
It's actually such a simple process and
there's no reason not to have a global
standard.
So it's a very easy bit of change
management. This is not going to happen.
This is the benefits,
but just a good opportunity to do
something that's just so easy and so
simple.
I suppose the only question that's
outstanding is if you want them to change
before we go.
Live so be in the mind.
We're not going live until September.
So if you want them to move into this
global piece,
that's probably something that we'll need
to sit with you guys around that change.
Yeah. Yeah. Good point, John.
That was the answer.
It's something we could talk about.
And so just something.
But I think it's worth bearing in mind as
well, Jim, this isn't in show. Oh, yeah,
either.
So we've got a longer lead time for this
as well. Yeah.
So you could embed this and then we could
piggyback on it. Yeah.
But like this is probably the easiest one
of the batch, so thanks.
Thanks for starting us out with the easy
one. It's just gonna get harder from now.
Everyone and SLA or timing elements.
Do we want any triggers?
Do we have any kind of contractual
obligations for these changes? Nope. No,
there's no. I'm just trying to think.
The expectation if if I'm a partner,
I'm requesting it,
how quickly would I expect it to be done
yesterday? Yeah,
it's probably more an internal measure
for you guys. Yeah. Yeah. Sorry.
That's what I was thinking.
The SLA rather than the. Yeah.
The last problem they will only I think I
think we should have an expectation on us
and how soon we complete it I think.
Pleased to vote exercise the business.
We should. Yeah. In Europe,
what tends to happen is you're asked to
make these amendments after.
The client,
so the the client's live on the system in
terms of being agreed with the partner
and what you'll find is we are having to
make the manual override to suit what the
agreement with the client is at the
outset.
So the partner are already be aware and
it's just a case of us essentially
tidying up the admin and updating the
payment terms. So the.
Partner will already have visibility of
what's happening with that client on
their debt reports as they see them,
so there's no in terms of us having a.
You know the the the time frame's already
been agreed with the client. Yeah. Yeah.
So it's essentially it's just that it's
just the final stage of the admin
exercise that we're having to take care
of. OK. You know, it's not.
So it's always assuming everything's
already done.
This is purely track ticket close and
that's. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, yeah.
How soon would you think it's reasonable
if a partner.
Puts the request in for us to say I've
agreed 60 day client payment terms with
the client.
I said to us how how soon would you
expect us to do it?
Like how it's feasible? App 48 hours.
Yeah. Yeah,
it would be as and when it's received.
It's such a a basic process. So 48 hours.
Silly question.
Does it come up often that partners say
this is what our grade payment terms are
always want to be built for next week?
Like is there a short turn around time
between updating or changing payment
terms?
And when the first bill when they want
their first bill to go out, yes,
potentially OK. Potentially, yeah.
And I mean.
They could have already raised the first
bill, and then they'd be asking, yeah,
payment terms are pretty more likely
because they've looked at the bill and
thought, oh crap,
the the the payment terms are wrong. Yeah.
So is there something that we potentially
want to put on the forum then to see when
does this need to be active by? Yeah.
Yeah.
And we could have them provide that date
to us. And that comes in your team.
You know it's priority because actually
it needs to be done today because we're
billing tomorrow or it's very good shout
because it the changes are retrospective.
So when you go in and change the payment
terms, it doesn't change.
All the invoices are in the system.
It's only every invoice. In fact,
it's only every bill that has a pro forma
raised before the change. Yeah. Yeah,
that actually impacts.
Is there a way? Well then,
if we're needing to,
if there's ever a time that we need to
reverse an invoice and then reissue with
updated payment terms,
is there a way that we can link in with
billing cashiers to make that happen?
Because obviously there's not much point
or we'll.
Kind of.
Both have to happen at the same time,
essentially,
but then the new invoice to be raised
with the new payment terms.
That's a very good point actually,
because that's a really good point.
If can you not have those restated by the
PE though? Yeah,
they have to is in the body of the
invoice can be amended to suit the
updated payment terms, amend the draught.
But then I think the finalised,
I think it overwrites it, yeah.
If he picks for the matter of clients,
I think you need to you kind of want to
check that says if a request has come in,
is there any draught bills that currently
exist out there? If there is,
you need to go and change the payment
terms. If there isn't good to go,
even if that's why.
Are you saying the draught bills would
need to be updated manually? Yeah,
I think I I you don't think they do? Oh,
no. I was saying.
I don't want that to happen.
I don't think you're not changing
anything. No, no, no, no.
But you need to go.
You need to go and re pull the
information. Basically,
you just update the draught and then it
pulls up the new information.
It's like bringing in more WIP.
Yeah. So I think it's separate. No,
you wouldn't manually amend the bill. No,
no, no, absolutely not.
I'm just thinking that, yeah,
if there's ever a time that an invoice
has to be reversed to be reissued with
the updated payment terms,
then you guys will need to know when an
invoice is being reissued.
So that the PES know to raise the new one
with the new payment terms,
if that makes sense.
I think that sounds like both would need
to happen at the same time,
if not updating the payment terms prior
to the invoice being reversed so that the
PES aren't too quick off the mark to then
recreate the invoice without the update
payment terms because we know that that
could potentially happen.
Then we may not know that invoices come
in first,
so you've issued the invoice with 30 day
payment terms.
They've got the invoice that said, Oh no,
it's wrong. It should be 45.
So they put the request in to change it.
But I reverse it and it's not been
changed in the system they reissue it,
it's still gonna have 30 on it,
so they would need to rate for the
request to be processed or 45 before they
re issued the invoice. Yeah,
because you don't see the reversal
requests.
You just see when an invoice has been
done, when an invoice has been reversed.
Yeah, so I think.
What it sounds like 2 requests would have
to go in,
but neither team that needs to actually
both requests would see the other one
going in if that makes sense.
So that's what I'm thinking about is we
don't need to go back to the partner to
see your payment terms of being updated,
but are there other teams that we should
be informing at that time to see?
Change of payment terms and then it's up
to them to do their cheques.
I don't know where it sits at the moment,
what team it sits in. Well,
it could be PES or billing team and it's
only relevant if there is a draught bill
out there. Yeah, otherwise it's not.
You don't know Scott. If. If that happens,
then that happens kind of thing,
but you can't check if there's a draught
bill we could do. Yeah. Yeah.
Is that something that you would be
wanting to add in your process?
It depends because someone said they were
doing client level changes in the 300
matters.
And now I don't wanna look at 300
different matters. So, man,
you're each got us with you.
But isn't that something that we can see
from the system? We can create sub tasks.
But again,
because there's no integrations,
anything like this would need to be a
manual action.
So if you identify one of these scenario
three, right, three,
you have to go in three and check was
dropped. It was like a.
Check box that says it was drafted or not.
I think ultimately what we're trying to
do is as a long or an overarching benefit
is reduce reissuing bills.
It feels like there's something here,
but I don't quite know what the solution
is,
so it's maybe just something to take note
of if if we're going for digitization of
whip, that whip reports.
Potentially use your credit control,
but would it be identified on that credit
control spreadsheet documents that you
have at the moment? No, no, no, no. OK.
Yeah, it's something quite new.
You just wouldn't know.
The only way you'd know if there was you
would know for the whip document,
because that's got a draught bill tick on
it that says if a draught bill currently
exists on a matter.
But again, that's reliant on that.
The whip data being there.
Is it an easier solution for it not to be
a credit control process,
given that all credit control I'm doing
is checking the approval,
amending the terms?
If you're then creating another?
There's then a further line of
communication after that point,
with billing in the PE.
Does it not make more sense for the box
ticking exercise to sit with billing or
the PE?
Problem is that then you've got them
raising invoices and then updating
invoices based on or should be an
approval and is there.
There's an element of segregation duties.
I'm not sure if they should be doing it.
Yeah, but I mean,
what's the solution then for credit
control the the billing team,
the PS alter liaise over an amended
amended payment terms for an invoice that
has to go out?
You know immediately in some cases, yeah.
Look, if the request comes in,
it's urgent.
And I think you need to go back to them
and say it's just now you can do it.
So I think it is back to what we said
before on that form as the PE or the
partner having the responsibility to
understand if there are draught bills,
they would know that, right.
They're not, some would, some wouldn't.
And maybe that's sort of something you
could send back your notification.
You maybe you do know during education,
every time has been changed.
Please be aware any draught bills,
current existence will not have the terms
updated.
You'll need to be resubmitted perhaps.
Yeah.
OK,
I think there's something there that's a
potential to that as well. Yeah,
I think it we just need to find a
solution.
Were you thinking of the the billing of
the beings doing the complex? Yes. Yeah,
yeah, yeah.
If all you're looking for is,
you know somebody to read over an e-mail,
confirm that the relevant approvals in
place and update, you know,
the box on three,
I think it's over complicating it by
putting three teams in line when that,
you know that doesn't need to be three
teams there. Yeah,
I I totally get the principle. I just,
I'm not the right person to make a
decision. I don't.
Yeah,
I'm not sure I'm comfortable with peas.
No. Yeah, I was thinking,
if you want some kind of, there's no role.
There's absolutely no. No.
You're hoping they do the right thing and
it's just. Yeah,
that would be the only issue with
Australia is that we would have,
it would have to either sit of a globe,
it can be a.
You just get people doing what they want.
Well, lack of control.
Thinking along the lines of billing,
because if if it's either credit control
of billing in the UK,
then naturally that would fall to the PES
in Australia,
which we agree it's not a good thing,
but then we'd I'd have to bring cashiers
into the into the mix instead.
Yeah, let's just,
I think it has to stay as credit control.
I think we just need to think about a
solution, yeah.
I could sorry I made that bigger than one.
That's it's. It's a good point to raise.
I think it's a really good point to raise
and that's what's coming out of all these
conversations is that end to end piece
and how we actually just stop raising
bills and then having to reissue them and
reject them etcetera and just stop
invoice reversals all together.
That would be ideal.
I'm just thinking just potential solution
to this, so feel free to input,
but if it's a ad hoc and it's not easily
identifiable which it doesn't sound like
it is,
it's more owned individually by the
different partners and the different
process owners if.
We did do the e-mail notification.
I know it's not ideal,
but if we just had a catch all of please
check XY and Z.
If there's a draught invoice that might
be the easiest way because it doesn't
sound like there's a process that we can
implement in ServiceNow without fixing
all of your other processes in advance.
Yeah, I agree and that's the problem.
You don't know which touch what it is
afterwards do. It's a bit of an ad hoc so.
Makes notifications reasonable to go back
and say,
but if you've got any draught bills,
just be aware they won't need to update
them if you want to change it.
And is it P ES that own the draught bills,
or is it billing?
Depends where you are in the world
location. OK. Billing Australia. P ES. Oh,
sorry.
PES in Australia billing in the UK OK,
but the notification could go to the PES
globe. It could. There's no reason not to.
Yeah, no,
they probably could because I thought
that we'd be paying request location.
It could go to both depending on location
as well. OK.
Anytime we talk about billing Australia,
you have to remember that's cashier's as
well.
OK. I mean,
this was a relatively easy one.
So the majority of it seems easy enough
to standardise and roll out once once you
get to that.
The only I guess nuance is that draught
invoice that seems a bit tricky,
but we can include that now as user
stories and see what potential solutions
we have for you, I think we're.
Good for this one. For the most part.
Do we have anything else anyone wants to
raise for Amendment update 3 E payment
terms or we get to see what data could be
helpful in structuring and driving this?
And this is like I said,
this isn't the final list,
this is just kind of drive the
conversation when a request comes in.
What ideally would you want them to be
sending in that request? What attachments,
what references what?
Numbers, currencies, regions,
anything you can think of that could be
beneficial.
You need to determine whether it's matter
or a client.
When you when users are picking a matter
or a client,
will they select from a drop down menu or
will it be manually entering in a matter
number or a client number?
So for a drop down we'd need to have a
reference point in ServiceNow.
So that means you'd have to give us a
list of clients or matter numbers and
then the integration.
You can also do it manually,
but then it wouldn't be up to date.
So if there's a way you could do an
export and then we host it if Parrot's on
here,
the parrot can tell me if I'm on the
right track.
You export manually from three.
If you have a list of tables or matters,
and then you host it on ServiceNow and
then you have the drop down option or
search option.
But you do need that initial.
Data dump if you want to call it.
But what are we doing in all other states?
Yeah, you're right. You're right.
Tomorrow. Now we can do that.
Well, what are we doing?
Teams for Masters of Rep Clients,
I think spoke about it last week.
We just said there'll be some validation
against the matter using the structure.
Yeah, we didn't.
Didn't talk about reference to give you
an idea, Chris, we have.
3 Integration into Chrome River you have
four data feeds in a 24 hour period going
for three into Chrome River to update
that data as often as possible because
matters are constantly opening and
closing.
So I just don't think that it's feasible
to be getting a manual extract out of
three.
Putting it into ServiceNow because you'd
have to be doing it numerous times of day
just with how much our data changes.
So we're probably better off having a
free text field or something like that
before we can get that integration other.
It's just going to be a lot of work for.
Someone that it could be someone's full
time job to do that think Tim's Tim's
proposed solution, just data validation,
all matter and invoices the correct
structure. Do you want to drop it?
Apparently they're all the same structure.
All the the matter numbers are the same
structure. No, no. OK. Oh, that's.
There's two. There's two variations.
There's two variations. Well,
there's actually walks. You OK?
Find specific ones as well. Yeah.
I'm sorry.
I'm thinking no matter numbers in general,
they are 4 digits, 4 digits, 3 digits.
I think the space between them 433433 or
two, but there are matters.
There are client specific matter numbers
which are weird formats.
So there's some some for like.
I think Goldman Sachs has some around.
Yeah,
there's a few key clients that we allow
to have their own style maths as well
because they want them.
And there's also some legacy Australia 1
instead of 244 as well. Yeah. So no,
they're not persisting.
And what do they do? Just know,
guess they just type it out in the e-mail.
Yeah. Yeah. Gives you matter. Yeah.
Matter. Name matter number, client name.
Client name. Yeah.
You might have to go back to action or
not.
You might have to be specific in the
fields.
Some people will put in the 10 digit
matter numbers all in one go.
Some people add spaces.
Some people add dashes.
So if we can have just consistent. Yeah.
What you can do as well as you can put
like the the info thing in so if you
hover over can't you like and it can give
examples of what that text looks like.
I'm I'm saying this would be helpful like
all the finance that is, yeah.
OK,
so where I guess we're going on a trust
basis that whatever the inputs is going
to be reliable, yeah.
If we're not looking up. Yeah, absolutely.
OK.
So I'm just going to have open text field.
Can I just? Sorry,
I just wanted to ask a couple of
Yeah.
questions.
First is the Chrome River application.
What is it exactly? Because I I've seen,
I heard it mentioned earlier.
May I just know a little bit more about
Chrome River?
Chrome River is our expense management
systems.
Got it.
That's where we manage all of our credit
card transactions and staff
reimbursements.
So it is integrated with 3A in that.
There's a two way data feed.
So there's times that 3A data will feed
Yeah.
directly into Chrome River so that we
have the most.
To date,
costing codes team like department codes
matters,
but then the other way around we've got
data feeds going from Chrome,
rubber Chrome into 3 E to extract that
information. To be able to post into 3E.
But.
Got it. Got it. OK.
Because we are still as as Alex mentioned
earlier,
because three is changing constantly
going to be upgraded.
We are thinking of alternative options to
get information if at all needed what
will help up is first of all things in
Yeah.
this list which I'm seeing on the screen
they are.
Data points which don't change a lot.
For example client and matter ID.
They don't change if we can spot out data
which is actually possible to be
extracted once a day, that would help.
At least we can supplement the manual
information with something which comes
out of.
3E Slash Chrome River whatever system is
the best and then enriched out with
Maybe it's worth talking.
anything manual.
Maybe it's worth talking to Alex because
this integration between 3:00 and Chrome
River is a necessity.
It's going to be part of the upgrade,
Right.
so I wonder if it's worthwhile chatting
to see what that looks like from a Chrome
Sure.
River perspective. What, how that 3 into?
Chrome Robot integration is like on that
side of things,
because then that might give you an idea
how to work with service now because it's
Sure, sure.
already established.
Great. Great. Yeah, we'll do. Thank you.
Sorry, is Chrome River used globally? Yes.
OK yeah.
Also known as embers. Yeah. Embers.
So it's called inverse Enterprise now,
but it started as Chrome River,
and I can't change my word.
I'm still used to Chrome River. Thanks.
Thanks, Tim.
OK,
this seems like follow up big workshop.
We need to do is that data points 'cause
that's gonna drive a lot of this.
But we can we can have that further along
so.
Just on this list. Again,
this doesn't have to be the final list,
but it does help us create the proposed
solution to understand,
like Parrot said as well,
what we might need to bring in,
or what we might need to have as a manual
input,
does this roughly align with what you'd
expect for this specific area,
or is there stuff like probably more than
you need so request?
Is relevant because you're either
changing client or matter,
so there's two options.
Your region entity is not valid because
you're doing a client or matter level,
such as region.
Means nothing submitted by is obviously
relevant because the person sending the
request,
do we not one region an entity for
reporting to see.
Who's raising based on different regions,
or does that have no impact?
It has no impact at all.
Yep,
submitted by relevant client or matter
number or name absolutely important.
Effective date? Well,
it's the date as soon as you do it,
it's effective from you wouldn't ever ask
for payment terms to be changed in six
months time. You do it.
You want it done there and then.
So the effective date is kind of when
it's when the request is received and is
processed.
I don't probably not relevant.
None.
The applies to single matter or all
client matters.
I think you could take that out because
your request type is either client or
matter.
Current terms,
I don't think you need to put in.
It does not probably not relevant just on
the request type.
Can it ever be both client and matter?
No.
Our requested terms are obviously
relevant.
This is where we put our over 60 day
check box or whatever it is.
Reason.
We ever ask a reasonable if it was
judging day care fundamentally,
as I agree with fine, I would say, yeah.
You wouldn't extend the terms as an
allowance if a bill had run over terms as
a client request, so that came in.
There was a region that came in recently.
That's a few months ago where the partner
had said it's run over terms.
The client says they're going to pay on
day 60. Can we change the payment terms,
you know, so.
The the Bills essentially been paid on
time.
That's a request that we couldn't agree
to. So what have you know,
the the reason we'd only ever be as
agreed with with client,
but certainly wouldn't be backdated to
allow for a bill to appear to have been
paid within payment terms.
You can have a as you get a free text box
might be relevant mind it just to see the
have an optionality there.
Because it's going to be useful to know
the reasons. If you don't want to,
it doesn't.
It might be if if you were looking at
stuff to say,
why do we keep changing payment terms on
these matters?
And actually it's because people put in
the wrong payment terms in when it's a
client level payment terms and they're
just not.
Ignoring them might be good to find
trends in that, so it might be useful.
It's just about what the partners of PES
are going to be happy to do if that's
going to be one of those ones with like
maybe, maybe you put it as optional.
You know it's not compulsory.
Someone's put reasoning,
they're great if they don't. Well.
I mean,
can you put in like a drop down box so
you just have three or four set reasons
that you're happy with and it's like no
reason this reason this reason,
so they just kind of select A drop from a
drop down rather than having it free text.
And then if you do want to report on it,
you've got some really basic things.
Yeah, I mean, we could do. Yeah,
absolutely. I mean, yeah,
I'm thinking it might help us all but
approve or reject.
So whoever needs to then pick this up and
actually do approve all having a reason,
even if it's not necessarily needed.
It just gives them a good reference point
of. Oh, OK, fine. Good to go. Yeah, yeah,
we know. Yeah.
But we can leave it as an optional open
text box so it doesn't force people down
that route if if that's the concern,
that might be the nice middle ground.
I guess the my concerns with drop down
boxes are people have a very bad habit of
picking the first one of the drop down
and how how good is the information.
Whereas if you get free text box,
if someone's bothering to type it in the
chart starts could be better quality
information.
So get it really inconsistently.
People just let's see it's a free text
and just put whatever you know they do.
But honestly you see haven't bought input
drop down boxes on our intact.
They pick the first thing that comes to
mind, and this is partners MPs.
So it's a yeah, I mean small,
small lot of probably better quality
information or a lot of crap or which is
better or just don't put it on there.
Yeah. That's the option.
I just wonder if it's something that we
don't put on there to start with just
bearing in mind the whole big change
curve that we're having.
And actually you're if you get to a point
where you're reporting and you see that
it's the same partner that's asking for
stuff that's maybe something that we then
add on. Yeah. Yeah. We go through. OK,
is there no scenario where they need to
go back and confirm why something's been
raised or if they're?
I'm.
I'm just thinking about the clarity side
to make it optimal and as efficient as
possible.
You want to consolidate as much useful,
useful being the keyword information.
If it's not useful, it's completely fine,
but it saves them from going back and
forth potentially.
As long as you've got the approvals,
I can't think of any reason why you would
need to go back the approvals there.
You just have to accept it as things for
whether we like it or not.
We just have to suck it up. That's it.
So the attachment is going to drive it.
Yeah. Basically. Yeah.
That's completely fine.
Attachment or the OR the request.
For the partner,
who obviously doesn't need to put the
attachment in if it's below 6 to is it in
this table that we want to ask about
about currently issued invoices to be
reversed or drop? What's improved or not?
Or is that another area?
The problem is if you do a client level,
they're not necessarily going to know if
there's bills out there,
because that might be sitting in another.
Partners matters,
but so you could do it if it's a matter
level request. Just a reminder.
You could do it,
but if it's a client level.
It probably wouldn't be as red as a town.
So what is the question we're asking at
matter level then?
Could it be a tick box to see are there
currently draught bills?
Does that make like does that make sense
or yeah,
so if it was a massive level request?
But you'd almost just put a pop-up that
says or something that says if there are
any draught bills out there.
Please be aware these will need to be,
I don't know what there's a word for it,
like regenerating or something.
So they pick up the new terms.
Whether that's a tick box, I don't.
I don't know how to know.
Whether it's a notification afterwards,
yeah,
I think we want to prompt them to think
about draught bills, though,
don't we at this stage?
Because it will be on the onus of the PE
or the partner who's raising it.
That's a level. Yeah.
So if it's matter level request type,
could there be we can have a,
we can have a sentence at the top like
the solution doesn't have to be complex,
literally be if you have a draught
invoice, please check before submission.
It could be something like that.
Will they read it? Well, they don't,
and then they issue the invoice.
It's wrong payment terms and that's from
them.
And they could redo it again until it's
right.
And that's probably fancy educational
pieces. The last year, yeah.
I would need a clue.
Client actual client level, yeah, yeah.
Cool. We can. We can take away the how?
We'll show that draught invoice. Yeah.
Top of my head. The simplest solution.
And like you said,
if they come back and said well,
we didn't know it's right there.
So the onus isn't on you guys.
It's on them.
Should make it easier potentially.
Something you might want to catch on the
back end though,
if there's draught invoices out there so
you're approving it.
But you've also noticed that there's some
draught invoices we could have a field in
there that's capturing that and so it's
something you could report on that you're
doing some updates and there's some
invoices that are.
In draught Tim,
do you think that that is information
that would be easy to integrate like that
would be easy to pick up through an
integration from three E yeah, from three.
If we were gonna do a three integration.
Is that something where you could kind of
put a matter number in? And it said, hey,
you've got 4/4.
Invoices in pro forma they need to be
changed like these need to be changed.
Yeah, you would.
Or just my best case scenario. Yeah.
I think from an integration perspective
if you can. Yeah, absolutely.
The question is do we get there
integration knocks quite out of the
matter instead if a bill exists or not.
So it's literally just a case of recap
data between.
So that's probably not day one I suppose.
Yeah, of course. But yeah,
can we put that?
But in a third,
I would love to have first backlog item
as well for.
I mean,
it'd be really nice to have that
integration because if you just chose a
matter,
it could then populate a lot of those
other fields for you straight away.
Exactly. You're beautiful. But yeah,
Marwin over to you.
One day we'll get integration. OK.
Are we happy so far with the amended
process and the data we're going to
capture.
Cool. So I've I've made a note of that.
I'll make the changes and then of course
after the session I'll I'll summarise
everything and you guys can validate
whether there's any additional tweaks.
This isn't set in stone,
but it's it's good.
We've had that discussion and the draught
invoices has come up. Thank you for that.
Cool. So next one is bad debt.
Write off again. Just the process I used.
There were a couple process discrepancies.
I think I checked the folder.
There were a couple changes in the
numbers,
so if it doesn't align with the
expectations, we'll make that change. But.
Hopefully for the most part,
the rest of the process should align,
so this is a dead deemed uncollectible
and needs to be written off.
So is that for this or? Yeah,
it's all good. No, it's fine.
Is is there something that we need to
tweak or no, no, no, I I the bad debt,
right. I forget and this.
This is a process that is,
we're changing and making it as is
process is consistent.
So this is another one that we're
changing.
I had pre empted the changes for this and
and it's just given me the Australian
approval of of perfect.
I noticed not not in writing but
globalised. We can make some of this.
Process like one global process rather
than probably the multiple process maps
that you did have that makes it easier
for me, so no issues with that. Cool.
So yeah, bad debt write off the process.
Credit control partner PE,
business manager.
There were quite a few people that seemed
could raise and kick this off which.
And it makes it hard to lock down who can
raise it. If we start doing forms,
but that's not an issue.
The credit management,
so credit manager or the working capital
manager reviews routes the relevant
approval thresholds.
I have a slide later on that kind of
defines what the different thresholds are.
But within ServiceNow,
it would just be if over 100 lbs sent to
experts and if over.
300 uh,
pretty much in line with that and it goes
through. Yeah,
threshold approvers approve or reject and
then uh credit management complete in
three.
Yeah.
Is that fine for Australia as well? Yeah.
Yeah, I think so. Yeah,
that's this is a bit we're changing
because currently it's done by cashiers
in Australia,
they do the processing in three.
So I'd like to bring it to the credit
control team and this is what Stephen
does in, in for Europe, Middle East,
US and UK.
So we're standardising that cool.
The decision, just approval,
rejects approvals are as you can see
there.
So I've taken that from the process map.
Is that correct?
You read it instead of going through each
one.
Yeah.
Yeah, they ask,
we've got 100 to 10K matter partner and
then we've got 10K to 50K practise head.
What if it's 10K? Who does it go to?
Is it 9999? Again, don't mind.
Good question.
Let's say 9999.99 can go to matter.
Partner. Yeah, OK. And then 10K and above.
Yeah. I mean,
how did the how the thresholds done
elsewhere, what they do, what you do?
Early approvals, you know,
ours is pretty or ours goes up to 10K and
then 10,000 and one, OK, well,
we should batch that.
That's my effort system. Yeah,
that sounds more. Yeah.
OK what do we what do you do if there's
like?
A Tony Damian,
whose partner and practise head the scene
is he fine to do up to 50K? Yeah. 'cause.
He's practise said he could do so.
He can do that? Yeah.
Sometimes you're practise head of all
accounts.
Thanks for that, Tim.
I remember my math teacher always used to
pull me up on that. So.
So it's a good point back in school
anyway.
I'm that so that's that's good that the
thresholds align. I'll make that change.
So we'll go through the questions,
same structure as the last one.
So who can raise?
We said that is in line that we have
multiple razors.
Do we want within ServiceNow to keep that
open to whoever has access and is in
these groups or do we want to lock it
down to specific users?
To route it through the system or what
would your preference be?
Who could raise the request?
No, potentially.
Anyone who raised your request. It's not.
Yeah,
there's no as long as long as they're in
these groups, they're fine.
Yeah, I mean, yeah,
but potentially that's the business.
Basically most of the partners,
bees business managers go to controllers
probably, yeah, no. Well,
you can if you want to.
Any anyone else would seem a bit fishy.
So like if Tim's sending off a bad debt
write off. He's like what?
What dinners have you been out to, Tim?
So it will be searchable I suppose if
it's open to everyone. So for example,
I know only certain people will use bad
debt right as a freeze or whatever,
but it's just you can walk it down to if
you open requests, no to raise it,
you're all right there. Absolutely.
You guys think he's opened you up with
traffic?
They shouldn't even be there, right?
And can it come from other finance teams?
The request,
or does it always have to go through here?
They would, with the never seen them. OK,
that's fine. You might get it from a.
Like from one of the finance offices like
Germany, for example.
Actually by saying something to them,
maybe. Yeah,
that depending on the value that Patrick
would still need authority from partner.
Yeah. For example,
we've got the ones just know for ISG that
have been discussed several 100,000.
And EUR now Patrick's reviewing those at
the moment,
but it's going to have to come from
Martin.
You know the actual written request that
will then have to follow the process
through to CFO to then come back down to
myself to process the right off.
That's a really good question occurred to
me.
If, for example,
I let's just say that while Stephen's
talking about this example,
so we have a German partner who's got a
very large debt that needs to be approved
to written after he's approved by our
Global CFO. Supposing the request,
I think what our Patrick and our German
finance team goes to mark directly gets
his approval.
And then once it processed,
does he just raise the request with the
approval attached just attached?
That was just going to be my next
question, right?
So do we want to be in a position where
if whoever is raising the bad date
request has to provide the approval at
the time of raising it?
I'm assuming it comes in e-mail so they
can attach that.
Yeah.
That's what we need to say.
If we don't get it in that format with
those approvals, then it would,
it would be passed back with the
instruction about who needs to do.
I go out to get approval.
A lot of people because a partner will
say to me I want to write this debt off
Bristol. I'm like all right, no worries.
It's over 250 cab when I have to wait to
speak to Mark,
and then I will go over to Mark to go and
get his approval.
The partners don't necessarily go and get
the approval they do in some cases,
but some they don't.
So it's a good question.
Do we make them go out and get it? No, no,
probably not. I wouldn't.
What I'm trying to think of is,
is the rules then based on which role you
are.
You make an exception to the rule for
just this, just this one partner,
one finance manager in Germany,
that Chris,
you could then give him an instruction to
attach the approval and just put that the
width is under 100 lbs.
So it comes to you automatically and you
can do the.
Review yourself as much as obviously you
don't want to have to do an exception to
the rule. A request comes in.
Just think of the logic that request
comes in to made by whoever it is,
OK and should the.
Can I receive a request? Well, see,
we want to buy and look at it and say, OK,
the approval's attached.
We don't do anything else.
We'll just process it or it's not
received. Therefore,
we've got to route it towards the
approval.
Can we select that at the time of
receiving the request or do we need to
have a set rule that says you either?
Go out to get the request beforehand and
then you submit the request in ServiceNow.
No,
you don't need to force them to provide
the approval.
It's just obviously to reduce traffic.
That's what we're trying to achieve here,
right?
So if there are certain people that can
raise the task but they're not in that.
100 to 10 grand or whatever group because
they're asking for a date right off.
It's higher than that.
We can either ask them to provide that
approval up upfront if they've had those
conversations or it comes in and that's
your step,
you go out and you get that approval.
So you can leave it.
You don't have to force them.
It's just to reduce.
I think a good way of doing it. Yeah,
that's fine. Yeah. Look,
we don't have these are not.
We're not talking a lot.
We have bad desks.
We don't have hundreds every month.
Hopefully as few as possible. So just,
just in terms of asking for that approval
upfront.
Is that just because of the way that they
work or is that just?
It caused more slowdown in trying to get
that process for it.
It causes more slowdown,
but there's also sometimes separate
conversations need to be had,
so a partner for example may say I want
to write off my debt on this matter and
we might have to have a commercial
discussion away from that partner to say.
We're not writing off that debt.
The clients X amount of millions. Another.
You're keeping it.
You're ready keeping it. And that's great,
mark. And I would step in and say, yeah,
so we would need to control that to say
no. So that's why I was asking about that.
Do we need the approval first or not kind
of having the options really good because
then if we've got it great,
that saves me doing it and we can make a
decision. If they don't then.
And a conversation needs to be had.
We can go and have that conversation and
then take it back. So I hope that's cool.
Yeah. It's on the micro.
That is it worth within ServiceNow?
Having all of these different approval
levels and all of these different users
or would it be more efficient to identify
one or two like the credit control
manager for example,
to do those approvals and assume that
they go off and get whatever?
Threshold approvals we need.
So rather than it automatically roots,
so rather than me getting a request in
that doesn't have approval and me saying
that needs to be approved and it goes off
to practise head,
you're saying I manually just say this
needs to be practise and I'll send it
myself and instead of multiple cheques
you just have one check which is your
whoever you want to allocate whatever
team you want to allocate and assume that
they've.
On the due diligence and the cheques.
I think there's maybe more bespoke
reasons as to why you need to go and get
the approval,
and you won't necessarily always go back
to the requester to do that,
or you probably won't even do that when
it comes in.
The team is hearing you would just take
that action. Yeah, I think leave it open.
So I think we'll leave it open.
I think it's just they've got the option.
To put the approval piece onto the
workflow if they need to. OK fine. OK,
once we come to solution design further
down the line, we can discuss it,
but it's just good to know what the
preference is.
Hey, yeah,
decisions just approve or reject the
routing is or razor. Like we said,
your working capital capital manager,
threshold Approvers and then it's action
by the credit managers.
Or credit management or the working
Capital Management approvals.
We set thresholds, who finishes, process,
credit management,
evidence on closure similar to the other
one.
Do we need it or well that's an
interesting one. So we currently.
When we get approvals by e-mail,
when you process them in three E,
you have to you add an attachment into 3
E so you get your approval,
you attach it to the transaction in 3E
because you write it off in 3 E and then
there's an attachment field you drag in
the attachment and have it on there so
that when the auditors come in and say,
Chris, why do you write off that?
Here's the transaction 3.
Here's the posting details and look at
the attachment. There's your approval.
Is it worth bringing that into service
now as well?
Don't know if you want to fully audit the
board and service now and have that kind
of end to end.
It's worth it if it's adding more work
and probably raise questions,
but in order for when the audience come
in actually have to show them the
transaction. Three,
I have to sit there and show them the
screen so they can still GL posting the
bad debt posting.
See posting,
they actually want to see the physical
transaction in three,
and that's what I like have to share my
screen with them and say, look,
I did it on that date. Look,
there's my attachment.
I'm just trying to think is it worth
putting that proof in three in ServiceNow
is that simple as you have to do drag and
drop.
I'll just screenshot is literally a
screenshot attachment.
The approval, yeah, yeah.
It would be a manual step I suppose,
though. Yeah, yeah,
it's just a drag and drop.
I'm assuming it's just a. Yeah,
the sake of three seconds. I mean,
the approvals that we're getting here,
do they also need to be in three as well?
Because if we're running it through
ServiceNow,
we're going to have that approval record
in ServiceNow.
Do we need to grab a screenshot of that
and then put it into 33A for audit
purposes?
Yes you would do.
We need to attach some kind of proof into
3 E that's what we currently do.
We have to have proof of authorise
authorization that you've written that
debt off in against the transaction in
three. Now, yes,
that could potentially help the service
now, no reason not to.
Instead of three,
but you still have to show it over to the
transaction 3.
So where do we want the source of the
truth to be?
3.
I think that should answer yeah. OK.
So does that mean we're not going to get
approvals via ServiceNow?
We're going to have to get,
we might get approvals via ServiceNow,
but we might have to surface the
ServiceNow approval in three. Yeah,
that's that's what happens just now
because you get e-mail approval,
don't you? Yeah. Yeah. So all the emails.
Yeah. OK. Yeah.
So we there's no reason we couldn't
attach a I'm assuming there's some kind
of like,
you know screen to say so and so has
approved this with a date and a time and
stamp or something copy and paste that
into three-week.
So ServiceNow has records of all the
approvals.
All the routing generally on the tickets
that's easy to screenshot and.
And then just attach that ticket the
moment you do it from the e-mail. OK,
so it's the same process then, yeah,
because you it sounds like it was both
free and also it's nice to try. Yeah.
Chris, in your work like your.
In three A is there a form that you do to
write down the jet? What is it receipt?
Add this to receipt. OK, Jen,
if in a lot of forms in three a there's
an attachment. Yeah. So that's where we.
So yeah. So you can literally just put.
The ServiceNow ticket reference in there
as text. If you want,
you can refer back to it because we do
that a lot for AP stuff, OK,
just an option rather than having to
attach everything,
you can then put in just the ServiceNow
reference.
There'll be a lot of other teams around
finance doing the same thing.
So you can just.
Look at that text and reference back all
of the evidence.
So it's kind of in two places at once
without being in two places. Yeah,
that's a good shout. Yeah.
If you've got reference ID,
that'll be really useful.
Can I just ask?
I don't know what you're talking about,
and because of the debt certification at
the moment that is done via e-mail or via
conversation debt certification,
it's done by e-mail.
So OK,
I didn't even think of debt certification
for this, but now you've mentioned it.
So what is debt?
I've I've moved one step forward,
not printed anywhere under any. Yeah,
this is a whole,
but we would anywhere if it was.
Done via this you could run a report to
see how many partners have completed.
It could be you could be documenting that
the value etcetera etcetera because the
process doesn't necessarily actually
officially sit and ask.
It's run by the accountants,
so Nick Lewis and and Christine and
Rachel, they run the process.
But I do a debtors part of it,
so it's not attached to bad debt.
It's completely separate. Yeah, but it's.
Yeah.
It's basically saying we've got XYZ bills
that are outstanding.
Are they really outstanding?
Do we have to write any of them off
because we're never going to get paid for
them and cancel on that evaluation piece.
I spoke about the whip earlier.
It's similar on the debt side, yeah.
So every six months we send emails out to
all our partners and say you've got this
amount of debt,
actually what's actually real,
like what's rubbish,
what's real and who reports on it.
Do you report on it or is it the finance
team, the finance team, the data for them,
review it, make sure it looks the right.
And then I sent it up to the account.
It was just because you were talking
about. Yeah.
Posting stuff that made me think about
date certification. OK,
you probably need some way to track the
work that's been sent into the team,
though.
You probably want to have a press coming
into the to the teams,
then look at those certifications and
then.
Closing it off.
This is so when you come and do that
report,
you basically want a template that goes
out to all your partners to see.
Check all this,
all the replies will come into the system.
You can report on them.
I just bring the account that said that
we Nick was online before I could dial
her in.
To the moon, can we just? Could we just?
I think we just put it in a parking lot
because we'll need to. This.
This has a only explore the process.
This is documented. Yeah. It's not.
And it's not an ask process which is why
it's not.
It's kind of like sits you catch that
Isabella just to document it. Yeah.
Yeah, cool.
That's a lot of complaints come from that
process for the business a lot.
We we could find a good way of doing it.
It would be game changing cool. Sorry.
Sorry twilight. Sorry.
We just always rely on one to come in and
just go and then quarter off again.
Just keep an eye out when she's next to
the room.
So I'm not going to get into too much
detail, but just out of curiosity,
are we saying that the bad debt write off
is something that triggers this debt
certification? No, I see it's a different.
Excellent.
Dean would have just seen bad debt and
thoughts about certified.
I was just curious. OK, fine. Fine.
Because I have a terminology at different
prices. Completely. Yeah. OK.
Cool. Let's move on then.
So we got that we got that evidence on
closure.
I'm still not sure where we're saying
we're gonna be hosting that if we're
saying it's 3 E or we want a screenshot
from three E into ServiceNow or on
ServiceNow is done.
We need a screenshot of ServiceNow back
in three east.
I think we need both.
You don't need it either way,
as long as it's in one.
I don't really care. Just one is fine,
but I mean.
Anna was suggesting so say for example
you put the service now reference into 3E
as you're processing everything, right?
That's fine.
The only time that becomes important
again is when you're auditing.
So can you run in 3E?
A report to pull out all the relevant
cases and the no so you still need to go
into each one individual. Yeah.
So it's a part of the attachment part in
3D.
So if I'm thinking about how AP use it as
a function, the.
We'll download a copy of an invoice,
attach it in there,
but also attach the shell current shell
well case number,
because if we ever need to refer back
something looks weird,
or if we have questions. If. Yeah,
because the auditors will have a copy of
all of our Ledger.
So they'll just pull out the
disbursements,
we can go in and then have a look at the
shell reference.
It is a little bit manual.
You have to then go into shell and open
up that case,
but it's got the history of the
conversation.
So if we've entered the matter number
wrong,
we can then refer back to the original
source without actually having to export
all of that information.
And just the invoice,
which is the more important part,
because other people need to access that.
OK, so it's helpful,
but you can't run a report to see what
does or does not have a talking,
because I assume it's only exceptions
that the auditors ask you for.
They're just asking, for example,
end 20 globally and just say show me them.
And you'd still be able to just open that
case up in three a grab the ServiceNow
reference and then pop into ServiceNow
and extract the information that you need.
Absolutely fine. So is there a need,
though in three E?
I'm thinking about other users of three E
to be able to see the.
Screenshot of the approval in three E is
there ever a need for that? Well,
that's fine. So the reference number,
we'll cover it.
Then you just put your reference number
in the service now and it'll bring up
your approval trails and any other
information. So we're saying we.
So you'll need to take a step in your
process to put the reference number into
3E, yeah,
and then save whatever proof it is into.
ServiceNow. Yeah, we do URL work. I mean,
we could copy URL from the case
ServiceNow stick it in three E so then
you're straight there.
Well, you did. If you had a URL,
you'd need to also be able to access the
service now and to get. Yeah. Yeah. Well,
they're going to have to anyway.
Anyone that's interested would have to
look at,
have to get that case number and put it
into service now.
And if they haven't got access,
they won't see it.
I do. I'll.
I'll leave it open for now and we'll,
we'll. We'll come back with potential.
Ease of using. Yeah.
I don't know if you were.
I was working three in the fields,
but that allows you to capture your
approvals through your actions that
you're sending through ServiceNow and
it's all there. Anyway.
We're not missing anything. Yeah.
OK, it's good. I guess. Good.
I've just made a note that we need one
system to include it,
but that doesn't matter which one it is
at the moment.
I'll leave that open and we'll take that
as a user case and see what is the most
optimal. But there's some closure.
Great and approvals.
We set thresholds and we're fine with
that.
I'll make the change to 9999 instead of
9:50.
Wait, can we agree it was 10/10 K? Sorry,
10,000 and one, yeah.
And I'm getting told off.
It's just like a backhand school.
Do we notify any individuals teams on
completion?
Yes,
we tend to actually we tend to let the
the partner know we've written it off.
Do we need to.
Does it add more work then it's actually
giving some like to know some.
I'll actually be honest.
I don't do it till I do it to some as the
partners we put that on a maybe basis I
think we can set it up though that
because if you're doing everything to
ServiceNow anyway,
it's just a case of this is closed.
So the assumption is yeah, your debt.
It's been written off.
It doesn't necessarily need to be a
notification I guess.
It's personal preference,
it's it's an interesting point because
it's come up quite a lot in the last week.
Some partners like feedback, some don't.
Yeah, it's really. Yeah, it's,
I don't know which ones do which ones
don't know which ones will want to be
waiting for it,
which is why we maybe don't make it
automatic. But you can make a call. See,
that's quite good. If you've got a manual.
Yes, I know that this person.
You can do it. You can absolutely do that.
It's just another. Yeah.
It's just another message through.
Do we need to notify any other finance
teams that the bad day it's been written
off?
It just happens in three E it just
happens because and then the AR drops off
the invoices drop off the there's nothing
in whip then then because we don't be
working progress before it goes because
it's a receipt,
a fee's been paid when paid so it's got
disbursements.
You know to find them so that everything
or it's automatically it all happens.
Other than that the.
Approvers would have already seen it
there.
The only other people I could think that
we'd need to know. I think that's it.
Yeah. What we did for the last project.
Our work on a similar thing where they
didn't know if they wanted the e-mail
notifications.
We set them up or we just switched them
off. Yeah. So in ServiceNow,
there is a function where you can just
ping out emails from tickets. Yeah,
and if you.
I think automation's a good idea.
All you need to do is we can set them up
and then just switch it on if it's
requested for.
That could maybe be the approach. Yeah,
I think that makes sense.
And there's probably a wider business
discussion to have.
We don't want to over saturate people
with notifications, but at the same time,
maybe you want to start to manually start
off with a bit just to ease people into
the. I think that would be decided.
From a persona perspective,
so depending on what we were looking at
it, yeah.
And we said the region is now
standardised,
that side of absolutely global standard
ignore Australia's processes.
Cool,
and it's probably the same thing as the
last one. Slas or timing.
Is there any kind of real triggers or is
it more of a internally it would be nice
to do it within 24 or 40. Yeah,
I've seen what we said before,
kind of within about 24 or 48 hours I
think good, yeah, expected to be done.
Mm-hmm. I just one thing.
So it's just probably just a more generic
question.
We've obviously got this ownership,
so we've got the the work capital manager,
Credit Control manager who can process
these transactions, supposing Stephen,
myself and Mimi,
who would be the three people that can do
this are all off at the same time,
which could happen.
We're in different regions in Asia.
Australian Stephen's here.
Yeah.
Is there like a delegate functionality
where you can kind of say someone needs
to come? Yeah. OK.
So if we're all going to be a way we can
nominate Jill, for example,
we could process all our bad debt writers
for us. If you have that matrix,
that'll be really helpful.
Because then that can drive our solution.
We don't have one. That's the problem.
That's what I was just thinking.
So I guess we could we if we picked a
maybe a senior in our teams and they
could be our.
Number two, OK, cool.
I'll add that to the list. Yeah.
But let's say you've got options. Well,
you might be just plan some holiday like
initially next week,
and then you can manually go in and
select who you want as delegates as well.
Yeah, it might be just for approvals.
It might for actioning certain requests
or cases as well,
so you can you can differentiate between
the type of delegation you want as well.
OK, cool. Excellent.
I'll add that to that list.
I've made all the notes.
I'm happy with this discussion.
Is there anything I've missed or that's
worth or any nuance that Australia that
we have to create a new workflow for?
Nope, all good. Perfect.
There's a capture.
I mean first from Australia,
that was a that was a joke more for joy,
just change management.
I was just doing everyone tell them,
just do it. That's fine.
Yeah.
We we love more nuances and region based
information same as last time.
What data is useful,
what data is not useful.
Are we using the same message type?
It's going to be the same,
so it's bad debt,
it's bad debt reach entity.
Not needed.
Submitted by is needed a matter.
Yes you need invoice numbers as well,
so you need to spite a state specific
invoice numbers.
And then obviously the total amount
that's going to be written off said
numbers, there couldn't be more than one.
Yeah,
so bad data write off could be at one
invoice, it could be 20 invoices. OK,
that's good to know if the function,
it could be a class.
It's generally a class across one matter,
but you could potentially have a client
for example.
Goes bankrupt. That has multiple matters,
and you might you would get approval at a
client level.
And would you want one request per
invoice or just 111 request as whole is
what we get.
We get one e-mail to say I want to write
off 20 invoices for this client because
they've got into administration.
I want to write off one invoice because
the client's ignoring me,
whatever it might be. Yeah.
And we want to give them functionality to
be able to add as many invoice numbers as
possible. Exactly right. Yeah. Yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
Is there a format for that invoice
numbers that standardised or is this
another open? No,
it's different in depending what country
you're in.
So different countries have different
number formats. Do we want to.
I know we said we don't need region
entity, but what we can do is we can if.
If we select a certain region,
we could potentially use field logic so
we can put validation based on region.
Or is that overcomplicating it?
It's.
That's a good idea,
but it might be over complicated,
but I'm just trying to think.
That way your data is consistent with
that region's invoice,
and you don't have the back and forth.
The only problem is that you might have a
requester that say you might be a Jakarta
and requesting a client level debt that
gets written off and that debt might sit
across multiple regions.
Sorry, the number four in fact,
that probably wouldn't work.
It's limiting more so than benefiting.
Yeah, because yeah, that's right.
So good suggestion, but now.
So.
Yeah, this is, this is but well.
Yes, you do get, we will get peas.
Who will send it on a behalf of a partner
and we. Yeah,
we have to assume that that if the P is
sending it and then saying so and so has
approved it, we will take that as a OK.
So it's not always the peas or mostly the
peas for bad debt writers is actually
mostly the partners that send it,
because they're kind of they have to own
up and, you know, make builders crap.
And they have to admit it,
which they don't like to,
but they will do it themselves because
they don't want to tell the peas.
Yeah. OK.
I think I think again from last week,
I think we agreed that we're going to
have on behalf of a cross finance,
weren't we? Yeah. Yeah. Have to. Yeah.
And.
Currency reason.
I'm assuming that's that's beneficial.
Yeah. Yeah.
And then reason we'll say same as last
one. Well,
reason could be a free and open text
field. Again,
the support is generally a written
explanation anyway.
So the attachment normally explains why
it's been written off.
Because if you're requesting write off
from a practise head,
from from Mark or Paul,
you know members of the ET division heads.
You generally have to have a very good
explanation of why you're writing off 100,
200 and 50,000 LB.
And then generally write a full spiel.
We can a lot of these feel like they can
be optional. So yeah, absolutely.
The only caveat to that is when you start
getting information and there will be
your current issue is you're chasing a
lot.
If you don't force users down the journey.
And I don't use the word force,
but ultimately that's what you're doing.
You still have the same issue.
So it's just kind of custom benefit.
But do you wanna get the initial ugliness
about the change piece,
but then ultimately your data's better?
Or do you wanna give them that as is feel
of if you have it, put it in.
At least we have that information to
begin with.
Do we have to change to enter side now
whether a field is no, no, no, no, no, OK,
this is just an initial discussion. Yeah.
No, no, no, no. I get what you mean.
Look,
I think where we can make it mandatory,
we absolutely shouldn't be honest with
you.
I think we should draw push as much as
possible. Absolutely.
But I think there's a couple of fields
I'm looking at there and thinking not
sure I need to think about it. Yeah,
that's fine. Yeah, absolutely.
I'm a pro manager. Absolutely.
Can I just on the client matter field?
Is this going to be client or matter or
are we going to have a separate client
field and a separate matter field because
you're not going to report either as long
as you've got the invoice number field,
it doesn't actually matter to me too much.
OK,
the invoice number is the important ones.
Because that's what you will.
There's the specific transactions you'll
write off and we expect people to list
out the invoice numbers properly with the
values. OK,
so you need the values against the
invoices as well, OK,
and then got OK and the amount to write
off.
So you'd need amount to write off by
invoice number.
Yeah.
Or they might just say here's a list of
20 invoice numbers. Total is 3 million,
brought off 3 million,
and we'll accept either.
All but the the invoice number is the
most important bit. OK,
we could do that quite small if we could
just do ads, but by somewhere,
whatever the end there.
As long as you don't have to make the
manually fill out the yeah,
each one 'cause you won't have one more
for not doing that. OK,
we'll we'll take that away. Yeah. Yeah,
I guess is is clients matter even needed.
I.
Thinking the less fuel the better.
Basically it's obviously needed.
I I I would as a character because just
in case they write down what invoice they
write down the wrong invoice number and
it doesn't tell you up with the matter
and matter name or the client name.
At least you can then query it are the
approval levels different are the
approval levels different for client or
matter?
Yeah, no,
it's just done on purely numerical valley.
Yeah,
we use we always ask for a client and
matter like client name matter name.
So that we like for cash use,
we can sense check that we're putting
things to the right thing.
So it could even if it's just used for
your sense check yeah Chris would be
worthwhile that's why I would just sense.
Just a matter of client against the
invoice record just to make sure.
So we have these different levels of
approval.
Is that for the total debt rights off or
is it total debt,
it's total debt rights off, OK.
So these fields are they all currently
when the partners are requesting for the
debt to be written off via e-mail,
do they provide all this same information
or is this additional fields now to what
they currently have to provide?
No.
They provide all of that information in
that same one e-mail in one e-mail. OK,
we might have to go back and sometimes
ask for something additional in.
But in generally, yes, OK,
list of invoices values reason why it's
being written off.
You know, it's submitted by. Yeah. Yeah.
OK,
because the only thing I was thinking
from a change management perspective is
that if we were already asking them to go
into ServiceNow to fill in this form.
If we're then asking them to in
additional information to what they would
normally do,
then that's going to be a bit more of a
tricky situation to get them to adopt it.
Yeah, they part of hate.
The emails that float around this because
they end up sometimes going around the
business to 20 other people and they just
sit and this this is a real time sale for
them, OK, that's good. We can sell it.
So this is going to route your approvals.
You won't just sit there for three months
waiting for Paul Jenkins to approve
something,
you know and they won't lose the e-mail.
Trailer as well because I'm sure they get
probably tonnes and tonnes of emails,
so if they need to track it they can
easily go into the platform.
This is a nice one for you.
Cool, I've made a note of all of that.
It's being very kind of specific about
this point, doesn't need to be,
but is it worth separating client and
matter,
or should we just have one field for it?
I mean,
you could have to separate it out and
then if they feel as long as they're
feeling one of them,
but it doesn't matter too much. Yeah.
Cool.
He did OK. Everyone happy with that day,
Ralph?
OK, I'm just aware it's 1220.
We've been going for an hour.
Do we want to keep going through to lunch?
Do we want to take a little break?
What's everyone's preferences?
Julia in my agenda was,
I think I put 1:00. Mind you guys,
what you did well,
what I would say is the remaining 4
processes touch on much bigger.
Cashier is quite a lot so.
Well, are we better? Yeah,
we're better off going for lunch now with
the hopes of catching Martin after one.
Yep, in case for one hour. And then, yeah.
So we come back.
I'll check the Deep's calendar as well.
'cause.
Then I can give him some time to get back
in as well. Yeah.
I spoke to Sandeep,
I don't think he's gonna make it along.
We'll just need to wait till Martin comes
online to see if he's able to step away
from the team. Yeah, look,
worst case scenario,
I'll cover what I can.
And I've got time with the team Tuesday
and Wednesday now. So, yeah,
I can cover it that way back as well.
So Steven and a lot of that said that you
would care. Cash is.
Local,
now UK and Australia cashiers aren't that
different. Like I said,
the only things that we have to be
careful of is just local regulations.
Yeah.
And and it just makes it hard to
globalise our processes because
everything has to be done like same day,
almost week.
There's not really a lot we can do that.
Carries over overnight,
so they're two of the biggest reasons why
we don't do each other's processes.
So I'm 80% sure I can cover more stuff.
OK, we'll we aim to be back for half one,
then at least gives Martin some time to
come online and check his day and see
what's happening.
That's it. OK. Yeah. Nice one.
Thanks guys. Thank you.
Thanks.
Eric heard that.
I'll assume he has 'cause.
He jumped off cheers, parrot.